---
title: "This Week At Bungie for July 1st, 2021"
description: ""
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2021-7-1
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/50450"
---
TL;DR:
- This week at Bungie, it's time to celebrate!
- Earlier this week Guardians pushed back against the Endless Night and defeated the source of the Endless Night.
- In the wise words of Saint-14, it is time for a celebration. Solstice of Heroes is the perfect time for that.
- Trailer: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ShSYCyplTk>
- Just like in previous years, Guardians will receive armor from Eva Levante that can be upgraded.
- For even more information, check out the [Seasonal Event page](https://bung.ie/solstice)
- Fatebreakers:
  - Master mode of Vault of Glass becomes available July 6th.
  - There are "Timelost" weapons available to earn with an additional perk in the third and fourth columns.
  - This also makes available the last triumphs needed for the Fatebreaker seal.
  - Note: Weekly lockouts are shared between Normal and Master mode. So run Master mode first if looking for Timelost weapons.
- Shifting Sands - Mis-season Sandbox Update
  - This is a large number of changes originally intended for Season 15, but are being moved up to next week.
  - Read the TWAB for reasoning for each change.
  - Shotguns:
    - Increased Aggressive Frame Shotgun cone angle from 4.0 to 4.25 degrees.
    - Reduced Shotgun damage falloff min by 2m.
    - Increased Shotgun damage falloff max by 2m.
    - Note: Slug Shotguns are unaffected by this change.
  - Agressive (120 RPM) Hand Cannons:
    - Reduced precision damage multiplier from 1.8 to 1.6, preventing a 10% damage bonus from allowing two-tapping in PvP.
    - Reduced aim assist minimum falloff distance by 1-2m depending on the Range stat.
    - Reduced damage minimum falloff distance by 1m.
  - Perk Changes:
    - Drop Mag:
      - No longer rolls on new drops, will have functionality changed later. (read: Next Season changes incoming)
    - Pulse Monitor:
      - Fixed an issue where the Handling bonus was no longer applying.
    - Rewind Rounds:
      - Fixed an issue where the perk would not trigger if the last shot in a magazine missed, or if the player reloaded another weapon before firing the final shot.
    - Reservoir Burst:
      - Now has the same consistency and speed fix as Dragonfly.
  - Exotics:
    - Dead Man's Tale:
      - Removed hip-fire damage falloff scalar (was 1.8x to match zoom).
      - Aim Assist cone angle hip scalar reduced from 1.5 to 1.2.
    - Sleeper Simulant:
      - Fixed an issue where Sleeper Simulant was benefiting less than other LFRs from the Season of the Splicer LFR precision damage buff. (Now at 16.5% buff compared to the 15% other LFRs received.)
  - In the near future (after the patch) this is what weapons/weapon types they're looking at next:
    - Fusion Rifles (large rework)
    - Breech Grenade Launchers (nerf)
    - Scout Rifles and Hand Cannons in PvE (buff)
    - Machine Gun in PvE (buff)
    - Special ammo amount (nerf)
    - Anarchy (_nerf_)
    - Exotic Primaries (buff)
  - In the further future they want to look at these changes:
    - Keeping an eye on special weapons.
    - Exotics that are under/overperforming.
      - Note they like to add catalysts (like Deathbringer) to fix this.
    - Long-term plan to address the issue of Exotic Orb generation and kill tracking w/o catalyst.
- Another Patch Note Preview:
  - Expunge:
    - Styx:
      - Fixed the Codestrider platform over the boss failing to have collision.
    - Tatarus:
      - Fixed a Codestrider platform failing to have collision.
      - Fixed an issue where defeating the boss before the second immune phase would block mission completion.
  - Strikes:
    - The Inverted Spire:
      - Fixed an issue where players who died in the drill area could have their Ghosts appear far back in the strike.
  - Momentum Control:
    - Decreased Trace Rifle damage in Momentum Control.
  - Gameplay:
    - Fixed an issue in which Slow duration from Withering Blade did not increase with Whisper of Durance Fragment equipped. 
    - Fixed an issue in which Stormcaller Warlocks were unable to use Ionic Blink while slowed by Stasis. 
    - Fixed an issue in which Diamond Lance could be generated by throwing a Glacier Grenade into a pile of Telesto projectiles. 
    - Fixed a few bugs in which abilities were not properly costing Sentinel Shield energy when guarding (Celestial Fire, Withering Blade, Shiver Strike, Glacial Quake, Silence & Squall).
  - Full patch notes at 10 AM Pacific on Tuesday, July 6th.
- Prep to Patch (Support Section):
  - Update 3.2.1:
    - Releases Tuesday, July 6th at 10 AM Pacific. Players kicked from game at 9:45 AM that day.
    - Some issues fixed in update 3.2.1:
      - Resolved the issue causing players on PlayStation consoles to receive persistent BEAGLE errors.
      - Assassin’s Cowl no longer clips through a majority of Hunter cloaks.
      - Gunsmith weapons will no longer be missing masterwork slots.
      - Armor with glows will properly display their glow when transmogged over another armor set that also has glows.
  - The new Bungie Store Beta has been delayed to later this month.
  - Solstice of Heroes begins July 6th and runs until August 3rd.
  - (Relevant) Known Issues:
    - Players who die at the same time as they defeat the boss in Expunge: Styx will respawn outside of the boss arena and be unable to claim their rewards.
    - Crucible weekly challenges may occasionally not gain progress from completed matches.
    - Emblems appear off-center when inspecting players while using an ultrawide monitor.
- Author's Note:
  - Sweating harder than in PvP due to the heatwave.
  - Planning some Iron Banner time to get pinnacles for Master VoG.
  - Cheers, dmg04

Since the TWAB was posted, dmg04 has replied to several people on [r/DestinyTheGame](https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/obrcqu/this_week_at_bungie_7012021/h3pnz6z?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3). Here are the highlights:
- Timelost weapons __can__ take Adept mods. (Adept mods do not drop from Master VoG at this time)
- The Gunsmith weapons being sold without Masterwork slots are temporarily being removed from the pool. (Returning when fixed at Season 15) This does not fix already purchased weapons.
- The promised glow ornaments from the 2018/2019 Solstice of Heroes will go live with the update on Tuesday.