---
title: "This Week At Bungie for September 30th, 2021"
description: "Iron Banner"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2021-9-30
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/50749"
---
TL;DR:
- This week at Bungie, we we introduced our new Diversity & Inclusion club.
- __Story things__ happened this week. No spoilers here, but the plot thickens.
- Iron Banner is happening this week!
    - Score targed has been increased from 125 -> 150 to match Control.
    - Mercy threshold adjusted to try to reduce the number of games ending just before score target.
    - As a reminder, no Trials this weekend because Iron Banner is happening.
- Clinical Trials Debrief:
    - Last weekend was the Trials Labs: Capture Zone mode.
    - Solo win rate remained high at 27%. Solo blowout rate was 37% before flawless pool then dropped to below 30%.
    - Non-competitive matches (5-0 or 5-1) were at 55% Friday/Saturday and dropped to 51% Sunday/Monday.
    - Average matchmaking time of less than 50 seconds.
    - 667k players participated in Labs with 220k going flawless.
    - Labs Talk:
        - They want to find a different way to vary the capture zone location.
            - They used the A/C capture zones from Control to make implementaion quicker, heard feedback that was too much of an advantage.
        - Removing the 'gain Super energy on capture' from the capture zone.
            - Too much snowballing.
        - Looking to make tweaks and run this Lab again as early as December.
- Disability Awareness
    - Introducing the newest inclusion Club, [Accessibility@Bungie](https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/50745)
    - New Pin (+ Emblem) to support the AbleGamers Foundation on the [Bungie Store](https://bungiestore.com/)
- Fashionistas
    - Fashion Show continues! Submit using `#ThreadsOfLight`.
- GM TIME
    - Next week, Grandmaster Nightfalls go live with the Hallowed Lair.
    - As a reminder, it's 1345 power.
    - Here are some updates **occuring in December in a patch**:
        - The Grandmaster catch-up node will be available for all who have an un-gilded Conqueror title.
            - This Season, will come in December, in the future will launch with Grandmasters.
        - Each Grandmaster Nightfall will be available if the fireteam leader has not completed the gilding Triumph for that strike during the Season.
    - No major loot changes. Adept weapons are still up for grabs.
- Wake me up when September ends (Support Section)
    - Bungie Names and the [Code of Conduct](https://www.bungie.net/7/en/Legal/CodeOfConduct)
        - As a reminder, names that attempt to bypass the Code of Conduct will have their names reset to "Guardian"
        - Name changes are coming sometime later in the Season.
    - (Relevant) Known Issues:
        - If players abandon Wayfinder's Voyage on step 19/53, they are unable to complete it when they reacquire it.
        - We’re aware of player reports claiming that Nothing Manacles isn’t working as intended. This is under investigation.
        - Players having issues unlocking an entry in the Ripples lore book may need to wait in the H.E.L.M. until the entry unlocks.
        - Step 43/53 of the Wayfinder’s Voyage quests continuously points players to the Portal regardless of what side they are on. To complete this step, players should make their way to Savathûn’s location.
- Author's Note:
>What a week. The fashion game is strong, Iron Banner bounties are live, and the Season of the Lost narrative is zigging, zagging, and tugging at the heartstrings.
>
>We also shared an update from our **CEO, Pete Parsons**, on our continued efforts to improve diversity and inclusion within our company and the industry. We have been far from perfect in these areas and [you can read about our commitment to be better going forward here](https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/50746).
>
>We hope you are doing well wherever you are. Have a great week both in and out of the game.  
>
><3 Cozmo 