---
title: "This Week At Bungie for October 14th, 2021"
description: "Headless Horsepower."
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2021-10-14
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/50782"
---
TL;DR:
- This week at Bungie, we celebrate Festival of the Lost 2021.
- It's spooky time!
- Trailer:
- {% include youtube.html id="Z74O41hD_dE" %}
- You can learn more about Festival of the Lost event [on its event page](https://www.bungie.net/7/en/Seasons/Events/FestivalOfTheLost)!
- Lots of loot to earn from unique weapons to shaders!
- Upping the Difficulty:
    - This week:
        - Shattered Realm's Legendary mode is now available. Friends are recommended.
            - Loot is high-stat gear.
    - Next week:
        - Astral Alignment's Legendary mode will be available.
        - Recommended power: 1320
        - Return to orbit on failure/wipe.
        - Locked equipment
        - Additional Modifiers:
            - Weekly Taken modifiers:
                - Denial (Taken Vandals summon their shields significantly more often)
                - Epitaph (Taken combatants generate blight geysers when defeated)
                - Empath (Enhanced radar, take increased damage from melee)
            - Constant modifiers:
                - Champions: Overload and Unstoppable
                - Equipment Locked
                - Match Game
        - The reward? Bonus loot chest at the end! Has a higher chance of the Ager's Scepter catalyst as well.
- Lost and Found:
    - Below are some patch notes that are in-game but missing from the patch notes.
    - Fixed an issue with Hawkmoon's Paracausal Shot not getting bonus damage. 
        - Note that the temporary fix for this means that you will once again lose the buff if you pull out your Ghost on the final round. This will be fixed in a future update. 
    - Fixed an issue where the Firing Line perk was not giving the intended 20% damage buff. 
    - Fixed an issue with the new Monte Carlo ornament Western Front causing the weapon to have increased recoil. 
    - Fixed the Eriana's Vow ornament Bound by Oath so that it shows the First Glance perk status correctly. 
    - Bottom-tree Dawnblade 
        - Igniting Touch 
            - Fixed an issue where all Igniting Touch detonations counted as melee damage. 
- Spider Sparrow My Beloved (Support Section)
    - Cross Save Contact Form Deprecation:
        - The Cross Save contact form has been deprecated and will no longer accept new tickets. The Cross Save Guide has been updated with more information and troubleshooting steps.
        - Note: This is Cross Save _not_ Cross Play. Cross Save came out 2 years ago.
    - Xbox and Blocked Players:
        - As of Update 3.3.1, Xbox players may notice an increase in blocked players in the Roster. This is due to a fix that now respects Xbox privacy settings for Cross Play.
        - How to remove those blocks:
            - Navigate to Settings -> General
            - Online Safety & Family
            - Privacy & Online Safety
            - Xbox Privacy
            - View Details and Customize
            - Communication and Multiplayer
            - Set `You can join cross-network play` to `Allow`
            - Set `You can communicate outside of Xbox with voice & text` to `Everybody`
        - Additionally, players who want to take advantage of LFG features can change their `Other can communicate with voice, text, or invites` settings.
    - Destiny 2 on Microsoft Store and Xbox app for PC.
        - As of earlier this week, Destiny 2 is now available on the Microsoft Store and the Xbox app for PC.
        - Link to Microsoft Store: <https://www.microsoft.com/store/productId/9P9WJ5FW0GTD>
        - Sign in is through Xbox accounts.
        - Cross Save and Cross Play are supported.
        - **Xbox Game Pass Ultimate or Xbox Game Pass for PC includes all current Expansions.**
    - (Relevant) Known Issues:
        - Steam players who are receiving “Disk Write” errors will need to manually delete the files *.acf.tmp.save, located in \<Steam install folder\>\\steamapps to resolve the issue until we can release a proper fix. 
        - Empire Hunts aren’t granting candy and Spectral Pages upon completion. 
        - We’re investigating reports of an issue where players who complete the Book of the Forgotten before finishing Eva’s main quest on their alternate characters can’t complete the quest. 
        - Completing the Envisioned Ascent Triumph incorrectly checks off Perilous Path on the Trivial Wayfinding Triumph. 
        - Some Hunters have a small fixed object following their character model on the ground. 
        - Certain image assets for the dinosaur-themed armor sets in Eververse contain minor inaccuracies. The previews for these ornaments are accurate. 
        - Year 1 faction, raid, trials, and vendor armor ornaments can only be unlocked through Armor Synthesis via Synthweave Templates and not class-specific Synthweave Bolts. 
        - The eyes on the Skerren Corvus Mask no longer glow. 
        - The German name for Heir Apparent is inaccurately translated. 
        - The Surplus and Overflow perks are translated to the same word in German. 
- Author's note:
    - One of their most favorite times of the year.
    - Had a blast exploring the creepy Lost Sectors and throwing pumpkin bombs at the Headless Ones.
    - They're filled with loot!
    - <3 Cozmo