---
title: "This Week At Bungie for June 17th, 2021"
description: "Walk the path, Guardian"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2021-06-17
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/50424"
---
TL;DR:
- This week at Bungie, {% include spoiler.html text="there is an imposter among us" %} we prepare for Grandmasters.
- In the story this week Guardians have found the true source of the Endless Night, {% include spoiler.html text="Savathûn" %}, in the now corrupted Expunge mission.
- Also the Vault of Glass raid challenges have begun! This week is the Spire encounter challenge.
- Grandmasters begin next week and Master VoG arrives July 6th.
- Continue to Conquer:
  - Grandmaster Nightfalls begin next weekly reset.
  - ALL Guardians must be ~~this tall~~ 1335 power to enter. Artifact power counts.
  - This is INCREDIBLY DIFFICULT. THIS IS THE ENDGAME OF ENDGAME CONTENT.
  - The reward? Adept weapons!
  - Strikes are on a weekly rotation until Aug 3 when then all can be selected.
  - Random quote: `As we get closer to Season 15, we’ll have news on quality of life improvements regarding strikes. There are changes coming next Season for the way you Gild your Conqueror Title, plus some nice changes for Zavala and his vendor rewards.` More info soon.
- WE TOLD YOU WE’D MAKE A TOASTER
  - It's real: <https://bungiestore.com/products/coming-soon-destiny-toaster>
  - Comes with a toast emblem. And toast holder.
  - 10% of profits go to St. Judes.
- Gaming in our Prime
  - NEW PRIME LOOT: <https://bung.ie/PrimeGaming>
  - Loot:
    - All Alone Exotic Emote 
    - SV-112 Predator Exotic Sparrow 
    - Fire Victorious Exotic Ghost Shell 
    - Breakpoint Legendary Ship
- Take Turns on the Grav Lift (Support Section)
  - Cross Save Reminders:
    - Cross Save is not transferring characters or game data to another platform.
    - DLC and Silver do not transfer between platforms with Cross Save.
  - The Vault of Glass Raid Ring and Raid Jacket must be claimed by June 30th at reset and purchased by June 30th at 11:59 PM.
  - The Previous Season rewards page is having issues with selecting different characters. Workaround is the Companion App.
  - (Relevant) Known Issues:
    - If three players use the final gravity lift at the same time in the Warden of Nothing strike, one will always die.
    - Ada-1 has a flashing waypoint icon when players obtain 150 Synthstrand, even if there are no more bounties to aquire.
    - Enemies may appear to stand in midair near certain platforms on Europa.
- TL;DR Author Note: `Obviously Story Is Relevant In Situations. I See. Super Unexpected Soon?`
