---
title: "This Week At Bungie for June 24th, 2021"
description: "Night night."
date: 2021-6-22
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/50433"
---
TL;DR:
- This week at Bungie, it's getting dark.
- The Endless Night has ramped up as the Tower has entered **dark mode**.
- Strange things are afoot as Guardians continue to explore the Vex Network.
- Things are looking bad right now, but Grandmaster Nightfalls are here!
- Shoot for the Moon:
  - Back in January four weapons each from the Dreaming City and the Moon were reissued.
  - In the next update (scheduled for July 6th) the rest of the weapons will be reissued.
  - Full weapons and new perk pools can be found in the TWAB.
- Irons in the Fire:
  - Iron Banner returns next week! Starts 10AM on June 29 and ends 10AM July 6th.
  - This is NOT the last Iron Banner, there will be one more after this.
- Maybe Cozmo will let me put Expungebob (Support Section):
  - Bungie Store and Bungie Rewards Update:
    - On July 1st the new Bungie Store beta will roll out.
    - Players with existing Bungie Store accounts will have their passwords reset.
    - This beta site allows players to sign in using Bungie.net accounts.
      - This should streamline Bungie Rewards.
    - Note: **The generated Bungie Reward codes for the VoG Art Print, Descendant Seal, and Splintered Seal will no longer be valid after July 1st.**
      - After this players will need to be logged into a Bungie Store with a linked Bungie.net account that meets the requirements. (That means no more codes.)
  - PC Framerate Update
    - Earlier this week an AMD update went out that should improve framerates from some Randeon graphics products. The version is Radeon Software Adrenalin 21.6.1.
  - (Relevant) Known Issues:
    - Bounties, Valor, and Weekly Challenges are sometimes not gaining progress in Crucible matches.
    - The Warmind's Longevity armor mod doesn't make Warmind Cells last longer and doesn't appear to explode like regular Cells.
    - The Pearl of Glass Triumph progression may not count if collected between multiple characters.
    - We’re continuing to investigate BEAGLE and BABOON errors.
    - PS4 controllers sometimes don’t work on PC. Some players have reported that not using the Steam beta client has resolved this issue.
    - Key bindings don't appear to work after Alt-Tabbing on Stadia.
    - There are floating pieces that appear in first-person view when looking down at the Lunafaction Boots Exotic Warlock armor.
    - The Transversive Steps Exotic Warlock armor create a gap at the waist when used with the Seventh Seraph Robes.
    - The Hunter's Boots of the Emperor's Agent no longer displays shaders correctly.
- Author's Note:
  - Short TWAB this week, update coming in a few weeks.
  - More to share about that update next week.
  - Also next week tease: Solstice of Heroes.
  - <3 Cozmo