---
title: "This Week At Bungie for May 27th, 2021"
description: "Whoa."
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2021-5-27
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/50388"
---
TL;DR:
- This week at Bungie: We exposed vulnerabilities in the Vex Network.
- The new Expunge mission is now available as well as a new Override on the Tangled Shore!
- ALSO VAULT OF GLASS is here!
  - Trailer: https://youtu.be/L_n8u_Ltq9U
- VOG CHAMPS
  - Clan Elysium claimed the title of World First.
  - There is an interview with the fireteam in the Full TWAB.
- Slow Down
  - This is a _long_ conversation with Sandbox Lead Kevin Yanes about Stasis, their vision for Guardian vs. Guardian combat, and their plan to get there.
  - Goals:
    - Weapons are primary way players engage with combat.
    - Non-Super abilities should augment the combat, but not solve an encounter alone.
    - Abilities have clear strengths, weaknesses, and counterplays.
    - Build-crafting is rewarding within the moment-to-moment combat loop of Destiny.
  - The Plan:
    - They're moving a large Stasis balance patch from Season 15 to Thursday, June 3rd.
    - There will be more changes in Seasons 15 and 16.
  - The Patch:
    - Stasis Freeze
      - Reduced duration of all non-Super freezes vs. players to 1.35s.
        - Note: This freeze is too short to break out of, so breaking out is now only possible when frozen by a Super.
      - Reduced Special-weapon, Heavy-weapon, and Light-ability bonus damage vs. frozen players from +50% to +5%. 
    - Stasis Slow 
      - No longer reduces weapon accuracy. 
        - Now increases weapon flinch when under fire. 
      - No longer suppresses class ability and air moves (e.g., Icarus Dash). 
        - Known issue: The Stormcaller’s Ionic Blink is still suppressed when slowed. We plan to address this in a future release. 
      - Reduced movement speed penalty while slowed by ~20%.
    - Whisper of Hedrons Fragment
      - No longer increases weapon damage after freezing. 
      - Now increases weapon stability, weapon aim assist, Mobility, Resilience, and Recovery after freezing.
    - Whisper of Rime Fragment
      - No longer provides overshield while in Super. 
    - Coldsnap Grenade 
      - Seeker no longer tracks targets after initial target acquisition. 
      - Increased arming duration before seeker spawns from 0.3s to 0.8s. 
      - Reduced detonation radius vs. players from 3m to 1.5m. 
      - Now bounces off walls and detonates on the ground.
    - Shiver Strike 
      - Reduced flight speed and distance. 
      - Reduced knockback vs. players. 
      - Removed slow detonation on player impact. 
    - Cryoclasm 
      - Now requires the Titan to sprint for 1.25s before activation when not in Super. 
      - Removed cooldown. 
    - Howl of the Storm 
      - Reduced angle of initial freezing/damage cone. 
      - Reduced crystal-creation freezing radius. 
      - Slowed down sequence of crystal formation to allow victims more opportunity to escape. 
      - Now spawns a small crystal on walls if performed into walls. 
    - Glacial Quake 
      - Reduced heavy slam vertical freeze range vs. players. 
      - Reduced damage resistance from 50% to 47%
    - Withering Blade
      - Reduced slow duration vs. players from 2.5s to 1.5s. 
      - Reduced Whisper of Durance slow-duration extension vs. players from 2s to 0.5s. 
      - Reduced damage vs. players from 65 to 45 (after one bounce reduced further to 30). 
      - Reduced projectile speed by 10%. 
      - Reduced tracking after bouncing off a wall. 
    - Winter’s Shroud 
      - Reduced slow duration vs. players from 2.5s to 1.5s. 
      - Reduced Whisper of Durance slow-duration extension vs. players from 2s to 0.5s. 
    - Touch of Winter 
      - Coldsnap seeker no longer has increased movement speed or travel distance. 
      - Coldsnap seeker now spawns a small Stasis crystal on detonation.
    - Penumbral Blast 
      - Reduced tracking and proximity detonation size and tracking vs. players. 
      - Reduced freeze radius vs. players when impacting the environment from 2.7m to 1.5m. 
    - Iceflare Bolts 
      - Seeker now only chains once when spawned from a player shatter. 
    - Winter’s Wrath 
      - Freezing-projectile tracking strength now ramps down to 0 after 2s of flight.
- Expunged
  - Bungie caused a bunch of confusion by calling Expunge the "Weekly Pinnacle Mission" and having the Pinnacle part tied to a challenge becoming available June 15th.
  - Loot works like this: First four weeks of missions give a high-stat-roll armor piece, remaining Expunge missions drop Seasonal weapons with double perks in the final column.
- Lights (Support Section)
  - Hotfix 3.2.0.3 goes live *Thursday*, June 3rd at daily reset. Some issues being addressed:
    - The Empty Tank Lost Sector will correctly reward Leg Exotics when advertised.
    - The Couturier Gauntlets will no longer obstruct a player’s view when using Bows and will appear again as intended.
    - The Archon's Thunder Machine Gun and Riiswalker Shotgun can now be acquired from Lord Saladin, Iron Engrams, Bounties, or post-match Iron Banner rewards.
  - Some patch notes were missed for Hotfix 3.2.0.2. Here they are:
    - Removed Glimmer cost to apply shaders. 
    - Fixed an issue where players were unable to use the /Join command on Steam. 
    - Fixed an issue that prevented Reverie Dawn armor from taking shaders. 
    - Reduced the kill requirements to unlock Null Composure’s Gambit ornament. 
    - Fixed an issue where the Contender Plate Titan chest ornament would not show up under universal ornaments for those who purchased the Guardian Games bundle.
  - PS5 players have noticed an increase in BEAGLE errors, Bungie is looking into it.
  - (Relevant) Known Issues:
    - The Feast of Light perk on the Star-Eater Scales armor is not working as intended when stepping in a Well of Radiance.
    - Some weapons that can be obtained from the Gunsmith are missing Masterwork slots.
    - We are investigating issues related to several color-blind modes obscuring the Oracles in Atheon’s Throne Room.
    - Shaders that came pre-built on armors, such as Iron Banner shaders, appear before the Default option in the Appearance Customization menu.
    - The Cache of Kabr chest at the end Vault of Glass may list incorrect perks and weapon types on available Weapon Caches.
- Author's Note:
> Thanks for chewing your way through this meaty TWAB. To get you back to your day I’ll just leave you with this: Supplicants only want hugs<a href="https://i.imgur.com/DfUUFZf.jpg" target="_blank">,</a> please show them some affection.
> <3 Cozmo