---
title: "This Week At Bungie for January 20th, 2022"
description: "Junk Mail"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2022-1-20
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/50957"
---
TL;DR:
- This week at Bungie, we're sweeping up some blues.
- 5 TWABs until The Witch Queen (Including this one!)
- This TWAB: Power, Blue drops, Gunsmith rep, Exotic sources, and more.
- Future TWABs: Vanguard rep, Gambit reworks, weapon crafting, and Void 3.0.
- New Twitter Trailer:
- <blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr"><a href="https://t.co/6OMyTlyaIv">pic.twitter.com/6OMyTlyaIv</a></p>&mdash; Destiny 2 (@DestinyTheGame) <a href="https://twitter.com/DestinyTheGame/status/1483183654092173317?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">January 17, 2022</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
- The Power is Yours:
    - As a reminder, here are some definitions:
        - Floor - lowest Power possible for a piece of gear.
        - Soft cap - where general drops no longer upgrade Power.
        - Power cap - where Powerful drops no longer upgrade Power.
        - Hard cap - Max possible Power for gear (excluding Artifact Power)
    - Starting on February 22nd 2022, these will be the new caps:
        - Power Floor will be raised to 1350.
            - This means all players will be able to start The Witch Queen campaign as soon as they log in.
        - Soft cap will be 1500.
        - Power cap will be 1550.
        - Hard cap will be 1560.
    - Keep an eye out for the gold challenge icon for good sources of Powerful and Pinnacle drops.
- Designing an economy is "easy," right?
    - **no**, anyway...
    - Starting in The Witch Queen, blue (Rare) rewards will stop dropping from playlist activities once players reach the Soft cap.
        - Instead players will have a slight increase in Legendary rewards or a small amount of Legendary Shards.
        - Blue armor and weapons will continue to drop from enemies and chests.
    - Gunsmith reputation overhaul:
        - Players will earn Gunsmith rep by dismantling Legendary/Exotic weapons or completing Gunsmith bounties.
        - This means that Gunsmith materials and Weapon Telemetries will be removed from inventories once The Witch Queen launches.
            - *SPEND THEM OR LOSE THEM*
        - Mod components are also being removed, all mods will cost 10,000 Glimmer instead.
        - Mods sold per day by both Banshee-44 and Ada-1 will increase from 2 to 4 mods.
        - Master Rahool will take over the duty of selling Enhancement Prisms and Ascendent Shards.
            - He will also be able to decrypt Umbral Engrams. (Not focus, just decrypt)
    - Hawkmoon and Dead Man's Tale:
        - The quests for the random rolls of these Exotics are getting vaulted when The Witch Queen launches.
        - So players can still obtain rolls of these Exotics, they will show up in Xur's inventory.
    - Unobtainable Exotic Catalysts:
        - These Exotic Catalysts will drop from Playlist activities starting in The Witch Queen:
            - Hawkmoon
            - Dead Man's Tale
            - Ager's Scepter
            - Outbreak Perfected
            - Whisper of the Worm
            - The Fourth Horseman
- Save the (RAID) Date
    - March 5th, 2022 at 10:00 AM Pacific
- Reload, Reload (Support Section)
    - Hotfix 3.4.0.3 was released, fixes these issues:
        - Ornaments can now be equipped on the Wish-Ender Exotic Bow.
        - In the Grasp of Avarice dungeon, players will no longer be trapped outside the encounter if they are dead outside the crystal tunnel when the encounter begins.
        - In the Grasp of Avarice dungeon, the damage phase with the Ogre boss will now consistently start after depositing enough cursed engrams.
        - We have reverted colorblind settings made in Hotfix 3.4.0.2 and will be looking into making updates to colorblind settings in a future update.
    - (Relevant) Known Issues:
        - When first spawning into an area or activity, Hand Cannons sometimes don’t have ammo.
        - The Dares of Eternity’s game streak now gives a maximum of 125 points per completion.
- A Quick Clarification Before We Go:
    - There was some confusion on bounties surviving the Season change, here's the details.
    - Iron Banner bounties will not be removed at the end of the Season.
        - Reward Power levels will be capped to 1350 and give no bonus Power.
        - Will be deleted at the end of Season 16, as Lord Saladin will get a rep overhaul.
        - Last Iron Banner will be the last week of Season of the Lost btw.
    - Bounties related to Season 12, 13, 14, or 15 content will be deleted at the end of the Season.
    - Bounties from the Tangled Shore will be deleted at the end of the Season.
    - Some daily bounties from general activities or destinations may be removed if the bounty's objective or reward is changed.
        - Ex. A handful of Drifter and Gunsmith bounties are being looked at.
            - Also Gambit rework confirmed for Season 16, stay tuned.
    - Rule of thumb: If you do not want to lose your rewards, turn in your bounties!
- Author's Note:
    - Next week, Hippy will get her second TWAB!
    - Cheers, dmg04