---
title: "This Week At Bungie for March 17th, 2022"
description: "Who needs a subtitle?"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2022-3-17
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/51177"
---
TL;DR:
- This week at Bungie, we have an eventful week.
- The final PsiOps Battleground was released on Tuesday.
- Iron Banner is also running right now.
- Save the Date(s):
    - March 22: Legend PsiOps, Vow of the Disciple Challenges
    - April 1: Trials Labs - Zone Capture
    - April 5: Grandmaster Nightfalls
    - April 8: Trials Labs - Freelance
    - April 12: Iron Banner
    - April 19: Vow of the Disciple Master Difficulty
    - April 22: Trials Labs - Zone Capture
    - May 3 - May 24: Guardian Games
    - May 6: Trials Labs - Freelance + Community voted map
    - May 10: Iron Banner
    - May 20: Trials Labs - Freelance + Zone Capture
- Crafting: Let's talk Trait Element Caps:
    - Feedback heard, read [full TWAB](https://www.bungie.net/en/Explore/Detail/News/51177) for details and explanations.
    - Changes in Tuesday Hotfix:
        - Element cap 250 -> 1000
        - Neutral Element cap 8500 -> 10000.
    - Changes next Season:
        - Ruinous, Adroit, Mutable, Drowned, and Energetic elements are being removed. Only Neutral Elements will remain.
    - Things being looked at:
        - More player control over Deepsight weapon unlocking of Patterns
        - Monitoring Deepsight weapon stockpiling.
        - Discussing feedback around reshaping costs.
- Another Hotfix in the Pipe (Support Section):
    - Hotfix 4.0.0.4:
        - Goes live on Tuesday, March 22nd.
        - Timeline:
            - 9:00 AM PDT: Maintenance begins
            - 9:45 AM PDT: Destiny 2 is offline
            - 10:00 AM PDT: Hotfix 4.0.0.4 rolls out.
            - 11:00 AM PDT: Maintenance completes
    - Bungie Rewards:
        - The order window for [the Raid Jacket](https://bungiestore.com/bungie-rewards-vow-of-the-disciple-raid-jacket) (available to those who completed the raid before March 15th at 10AM PDT) is closing soon on March 31st at 11:59 PDT.
    - (Relevant) Known Issues:
        - The Synaptic Fanatic Triumph may not unlock after reaching 25 Artifact mods. Workaround: Claim mods on alt character.
        - Armor offered from vendors has low-stat rolls. (Including Xûr)
        - Investigating an increase in MARMOT errors.
        - Players who go Flawless in Trials may not receive post-win rewards or weapons.
        - Players aren't receiving credit for Vow of the Disciple carries.
        - Some players can't change their Bungie Name.
        - Season 15 Pathfinder and Season 14 Lightkin armor sets are no longer available to equip as ornaments if previously unlocked.
        - Yellow colored subtitles on PS5 may not appear correctly.
        - The One of Us emblem doesn't appear in Collections.
- Author's Note:
    - Changing clocks makes no sense.
    - Enjoy some spring weather.
    - Touch grass.
    - The list of players who qualified for the Vow of the Disciple Contest Mode emblem are being finalized, expect likely within the next week. Watch [@BungieHelp](https://twitter.com/BungieHelp) for updates.
    - Much love, and see you next time. dmg04