---
title: "This Week In Destiny - 05/08/2025"
description: "Rite of the Nine is here"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2025-05-08
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/7/en/News/Article/twid_05_08_2025"
---

TL;DR:

## Can it be July 15th already?

Just a few days ago was the reveal event for The Edge of Fate and the Year of Prophecy. If you missed it, you can catch the full stream [here](https://youtu.be/Rh78HmxSq8c) or read MoSadie's TL;DW [here]({% post_url 2025-5-6-stream %}).

The Edge of Fate expansion, as well as major core game updates, will arrive on July 15th. Renegades, the second expansion, is slated for December 2nd.

Pre-orders are live now! You can learn more [here](https://www.bungie.net/7/en/Destiny/Buy/yearofprophecy)!

## Post-Reveal FAQ

### Will Renegades be a Destiny Story?

Yes. It's the aesthetic, tone, and vibe of Star Wars being used to tell a Destiny story with Destiny characters.

### Will vault space be increased?

Not in The Edge of Fate, but there is more space planned (and some quality of life features) for Renegades.

### Will the Director still exist?

Yep! Under the "Worlds" tab.

### Power??? 10 Power???

Yep, more details to come in future TWIDs, but power will be rebased at launch!

### What stats are being rebalanced or replaced?

More details in a full breakdown in June.

### What is a reward pass and how much does it cost?

There are 4 of them for Year of Prophecy, and cna be purchased for 1000 silver in the Eververse if you want to buy them standalone. They’re jam packed many of the cosmetics you know and love from years past including an Exotic Weapon and Universal Ornament Set.

## Rite of the Nine has begun!

{% include youtube.html id="ox0DDLPEeoo" %}

Bungie Rewards are also live! You can earn:

- ETERNAL title pin (Earn the ETERNAL title by July 14th at 9:59am Pacific)
- Rite of the Nine Raglan (Earn the Seasoned Dungeoneer triumph by July 14th at 9:59am Pacific)
- Seeker of the Nine Displate by Community Artist [Gabriel Flauzino](https://www.instagram.com/flauzino_flz/) (Earn the Seeker of the Nine triumph by July 14th at 9:59am Pacific)
- Rite of the Nine Unisex Bracelet (Earn the Foiled Again triumph by July 14th at 9:59am Pacific)

## Heavy Metal on Friday

The new Heavy Metal event rolls out on Friday! This will also bring the new Event Home system, see [the April 24 TWID]({% post_url 2025-4-24-twid %}) for more details.

Also coming in this event: The brand new Gryphon Combat Sparrow! It can be found on the reward track for the event. (Which as a reminder is free for all players)

There is also a Heavy Metal title pin available for purchase in the Bungie Store, for those who earn the title before July 14th at 9:59am Pacific.

## Destiny 2 Creator Hub

Calling all streamers, video editors, lore specialists, artists, cosplayers, or any other form of content creator! The Destiny 2 Creator Hub is now live and accepting public applications!

The Creator Hub is a tight-knit community of Destiny 2 creators who hope to uplift you and your content. There are exclusive rewards, news, events, opportunities, and more! They are primarily operational on Discord.

You can apply at https://creators.destinythegame.com/

## Voice Acting Update: Rite of the Nine and The Edge of Fate

Some voice talent have been unavailable for recordings. For the time being, some characters will have different voices in Rite of the Nine or The Edge of Fate. As examples for English casting:

- Orin
- {% include spoiler.html text="Chioma" %} (MoSadie's note: Marked as spoiler because first mention of this character appearing in the new content.)
- Ikora

Some other languages may have muted dialog or English dialog in place of the original language. Subtitles will be enabled by default.

## Player Support Report

### Pre-Order Items Info

Instantly unlocked items are available from the Special Deliveries kiosk in the Tower, across from Banshee. You may need to restart the game to get the items to appear.

### Rite of the Nine Quest Issue

There was a server-side fix for an issue where players did not receive quest progress for defeating Persys, Primordial Ruin, in the Spire of the Watcher dungeon.

Through next Tuesday, all players can receive an additional reward when defeating the final boss and completing the dungeon.

### Cruel Mercy Clarification

In [last week's TWID]({% post_url 2025-5-1-twid %}#cruel-mercy), it was mentioned that the new Nightfall weapon, Cruel Mercy, would drop with Jolting Feedback. This was incorrect, as it drops with Rolling Storm instead. The TWID has been updated to reflect this.

### (Relevant) Known Issues

- The Explorer difficulty in Rite of the Nine dungeons requires PlayStation Plus if playing solo.
- Some Rite of the Nine rewards drop with 0 Power Level. This can be fixed by infusing another weapon.
- The Cruel Mercy Pulse Rifle drops without a Masterwork.
- Only Pale Heart Lost Sector completions count towards the By Heart Seasonal Challenge.
- Curio of the Nine that were put into the Vault cannot be converted into Nonary Manifolds.
- The Champ Title has lost its gilded status.
- The Sunless Cell Grandmaster is not available in Fireteam Finder.
- When speaking to a vendor, you can hear their ambient dialogue.
- Ionic Sentry sometimes doesn't Chain Lightning enemies.
- Steps 6 and 9 of the Drowning Labyrinth quest aren't able to be completed by some players.
    - Due to this quest being a fix between character-scoped and account-scoped, if you have an alternate character and make progress on the quest, you need to play on that character to get back into the correct research paper level for your main character.
- Sometimes in the Derealize Exotic mission, the Taken relic can drop below the surface during the Vhriisk encounter.
- When damaging Shrieker bosses in the Sundered Doctrine dungeon, players receive critical damage feedback, but damage is actually regular base damage.
- When tracking Ikora's Drowning Labyrinth quest, completion of certain steps may stop progress on the next steps.
- Sometimes the Tome of Want: A Primer quest does not progress after meeting Step 3 and Step 4 requirements.
- Memento shaders can be previewed on armor in the Armor Management screen. This is not intended, and Mementos aren't being considered for use on armor.
- Secant Filaments and Spirit of the Filaments can’t grant Devour while Facet of Protection is equipped.