---
title: "This Week In Destiny - 07/03/2025"
description: "Two weeks to go"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2025-07-03
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/7/en/News/Article/twid_07_03_2025"
---

TL;DR:

## Thank You for Watching!

The second Developer Stream was earlier this week, here are the videos you missed!

The Edge of Fate - Launch Trailer

{% include youtube.html id="5LFBTFpWYVI" %}

The Edge of Fate - Developer Stream II

{% include youtube.html id="HEYlneDr6aM" %}

## Rite of the Nine Final Update

As we head into the last two weeks of the Rite of the Nine, there's a few final updates coming next week to close with a bang.

The Daybreak modifier is being enabled for the Explorer Mode of the Rite of the Nine dungeons, where player's abilities recharge like crazy.

Both Xur and the Emissary will have desirable Exotics that will be part of the featured gear on day one of the new expansion.

Here is the remaining calendar for the next two weeks:

| Dates Available | Rewards |
|-----------------|---------|
| Current Week (July 2 - July 8) | Prophecy is featured, with increased rewards. |
| Now - July 15 | Up to 20 Nonary Engrams are available for purchase from the Emissary. |
| July 8 - July 15 | You can claim a free Nonary Engram each day from the Emissary. |
| July 8 - July 15 | Lootapalooza begins, increasing currency rewards and weapon drops from enemies in all dungeons. Even more increased loot from final boss chest for full clears. |

## A New Challenge Appears

Destiny Tracker is hosting two weekends of speedrunning challenges, with prizes including Silver, one of nine exclusive Starhorse headphone holders, and a premium Rite of the Nine-themed PC.

All participants who sign up will receive the Nine-Crowned emblem.

Learn more and sign up [here](https://destinytracker.com/destiny-2/challenges/prophecy-dungeon-race)!

## Weapon Tuning for The Edge of Fate

As always, developer insights and notes can be found in the [Original TWID]({{ page.bungie_url }}).

### Weapon Archetypes

- Machine Guns
    - Now have a staged reload
        - Staged reload places checkpoints in the reload animation
        - When a player cancels a reload and starts it again, it will resume from the latest checkpoint
- Glaives
    - Reduced projectile tracking strength at very close range to avoid a behavior that made the projectiles less accurate.

### Perks

- Reconstruction
    - Increased the amount of ammo transferred per activation from 10% to 25%
- Paracausal Affinity
    - Added a visible timer to the buff
- Kinetic Tremors
    - Decreased shots to activate on certain weapons and subfamilies.
    - High-Impact Auto Rifles require nine hits down from 12.
    - Aggressive and High-Impact Scout Rifles require five hits down from six.
    - Hand Cannon subfamilies have received specific tuning,
    - Aggressive Hand Cannons require four hits down from six.
    - Adaptive Hand Cannons require five hits down from six.
    - Precision Hand Cannons are unchanged and still require six shots to activate.
- One-Two Punch
    - Now works with all melee abilities. Perk active time increased from 1.22 seconds to 3 seconds.
- Attrition Orbs
    - Increased perk progress by 20% across the board.
    - Reduced perk progress by 80% with Area Denial Grenade Launchers
    - Increased perk progress by an additional 30% on Swords.
- Eager Edge & Valiant Charge
    - While active, melee search angle is now reduced by 50% at the start of lunge range and by 88% at the edge of lunge range.
    - This requires the player look more at their target to strike it, improving specific target acquisition in PvE and requiring a more direct look in PvP.
- Chain Reaction
    - Threadlings created by weapon perks will no longer activate the detonation from Chain Reaction.
- Chain Reaction, Dragonfly, and Firefly
    - No longer use weapon archetype scaling against combatants and instead use a new perk damage scaling that is more normalized between different weapon types.
    - See the [original TWID]({{ page.bungie_url }}) for more details on this change.

### Champion Interaction Changes

To avoid confusion on what Exotics can have anti-Champion effects we have now made certain Exotic weapons (most of which applied a subclass verb through gameplay) intrinsically anti-Champ and will adhere to the following soft rule from now on:

*Weapons that intrinsically have the anti-Champion symbol in the weapon tray cannot receive anti-Champion capabilities from the Artifact or from radiant-like effects. Otherwise, they can receive external anti-Champion capabilities and be able to continue their subclass verb anti-Champ capabilities.*

### Exotic Weapons

- Vigilance Wing
    - Last Stand bonus is now active when running solo in PvE activities.
- Hierarchy of Needs
    - Players now gain charges of Guidance Ring with any hit from Hierarchy of Needs, and now only need three charges to deploy the ring.
    - Hierarchy's spawned Guidance Ring duration increased from 13s to 20s.
    - Hierarchy's spawned Guidance Ring now rotates to face its owner.
    - Players are now limited to one Guidance Ring in the world per player. Spawning a second one will remove your previous ring.
    - All Bows now spawn missiles when fired through an allied player's Guidance Ring.
        - Yes, all Bows.
    - Fixed an issue where Hierarchy's seeker missiles would not play detonation visual effects when colliding with world geometry.
- Dead Man's Tale
    - Each stack of cranial spike now grants:
        - +3.4% damage vs combatants (max 17% at 5 stacks)
        - +1 rounds reloaded
- Duality
    - Added a secondary activator for On Black Wings, now gives the buff when landing most of your pellets on a target
- The Navigator
    - When the user has Woven Mail:
        - Increased damage
            - 25% in PVE
            - 5% in PVP
        - Increased ammo generation stat
- Wicked Implement
    - Now is Rapid Fire RPM.
    - Now takes one additional hit to start slowing and to freeze to account for the faster rate of fire.
    - Increased magazine size to 20,
    - Is now intrinsically anti-Overload.
- Heartshadow
    - Increased ammo reserves.
    - Reduced cost of heavy attack to three (from four).
    - Added: "Defeats while Shot in the Dark is active make you invisible once more."
- Worldline Zero
    - Increased lunge distance of the heavy Tesseract attack by 3m.
    - Removed the ability to chain two blink attacks back to back.
    - Added a new effect: "Defeating a target with Tesseract allows you to Tesseract again for a short duration."
        - These extra blink attacks cost less ammo and consumes less guard energy.
- Devil's Ruin
    - Removed fire on release behavior.
    - Beam is now behind special reload.
    - Kills with the weapon make firesprites and picking up a firesprite enables the special reload.
    - Beam now scorches on hit and ignites on kills.
    - Increased magazine size to 20.
    - Is now intrinsically anti-unstoppable.
- Tommy's Matchbook
    - General
        - Added a burning screen effect while the player takes self-damage from Ignition Trigger. Other players who are taking self-damage from Ignition Trigger will now have a burning effect surrounding their model.
    - Ignition Trigger
        - The HUD buff now appears as a bar. While Ignition Trigger is active, the bar charges as you fire the weapon and drains when you don't. So long as the bar has some charge, Ignition Trigger will remain active.
    - Heat Sink
        - Hip-fire self-damage decreased to 50% less damage than ADS self-damage, previously 33% less damage.
        - Catalyst
            - Removed improved health regen. Now final blows while Ignition Trigger is active grant Cure x1 to the user.
        - Scorch on hit is unchanged.
- Winterbite
    - Reduced enhanced melee damage with ammo to +20% vs bosses, down from +50%
        - This is to account for this now being able to receive melee damage bonuses from a variety of sources.
    - Is now intrinsically anti-Overload.

#### Anti-Champion Changes

The following weapons have not be rebalanced, but have been made intrinsically anti-Champion:

- Anti-Unstoppable
    - Queensbreaker
    - Salvation's Grip
    - Dragon's Breath
- Anti-Overload
    - Tractor Cannon
    - DARCI
    - Two-Tailed Fox
- Conditional Finality can be anti-Overload or anti-Unstoppable depending on which element is active.

## Power in The Edge of Fate

### Refreshing Power

When The Edge of Fate launches, Power will be refreshed to start at 10. Legacy power will still be visible on the Power tooltip, if you're curious.

### The Power Band

In the updated "Power Band" (from 10-200) Power will work as it did when playing up to the previous "soft cap," earning progress just by finding gear.

Lots of activities will exist in the Power Band, including the entire The Edge of Fate Expansion Pack, Event activities, all legacy content, and even the new {% include spoiler.html text="REDACTED" %} raid. While these activities won't ask you to earn more then 200 Power, they may offer rewards above 200 when played at harder difficulties. (more on that later)

During your climb to the Power Cap of 200, you'll earn Tier 1, Tier 2, and even the occasional Tier 3 drops. This gear is as strong as Legendary or even Adept weapons from before The Edge of Fate. Your progress up to the Power Cap will also stick around into the new season when Destiny 2: Renegades releases in December, giving you consistent access to gear as strong as (or even better than) what you're used to, as well as tons of activities to play.

### Seasonal Bonus Power

Replaces the previous Artifact XP system, now it lives on your Armor and Weapons. By overcoming harder challenges in PvE (as customized by you) or challenging yourself in Competitive and Trials for PvP, you can earn gear with greater amounts of Seasonal Bonus Power that will increase your level beyond the Power Cap.

There are no longer weekly limits on how much progress you can earn either, so your Power can climb for as long as you want to play. Just like Artifact Bonus Power before it, these Seasonal Bonus Power levels are limited to the current season, and any weapons or armor above the Power Cap will be back to 200 at the start of the next season.

### Bonus Power and Rewards

When The Edge of Fate launches, you can increase your Power up to 450, with Portal activities giving consistent growth up to 400. 400 to 450 will at first come from the newly upgraded Prime Engrams, which drop with both higher Power and higher Gear Tier than your regular rewards. Achieving higher grades in portal activities improves your chances of finding Prime Engrams, which are also no longer limited by week.

With Ash & Iron later this season, you can earn Power up to 550, with Portal activities giving consistent growth up to 500. 500 to 550 will come from the Prime Engrams. Those who reach 500 Power will be rewarded with regular drops of the highest tier of weapons and armor: Tier 5.

### Infusion

Gone are Upgrade Modules, hello to using Enhancement Cores and Glimmer directly to infuse your gear. Seasonal Bonus Power levels will require a new currency called Unstable Cores. There are a variety of sources of Unstable Cores, but the primary way will be from dismantling unneeded gear that has Seasonal Bonus Power levels. Higher Bonus Power levels will yield more Unstable Cores, and a larger difference between the gear you are infusing and the gear you are infusing into will require more Unstable Cores.

Unstable Cores have a large inventory cap and will be refreshed at the start of the next season alongside Seasonal Bonus Power.

### Quality of Life

The Reward Forecast for many activities will preview exactly what Power your reward will be when your reach the target score. Portal content will also feature daily Bonus Focus rewards across PvE and PvP, allowing you to target earning Power on gear for a specific slot.

Both account-wide Power progression and Fireteam Power will be sticking around as well.

## Economy Updates in The Edge of Fate

Core game activities (Solo Ops, Fireteam Ops, Pinnacle Ops, Crucible, and Trials of Osiris) will be your primary source of Glimmer, Strange Coins, and Masterwork materials. These rewards will scale alongside your gear, so the harder the activity, the better rewards you'll earn.

### Armor Masterworking

Don't panic at the Tier 5 costs, the distribution of materials has been rebalanced dramatically. In some core game activities, you'll also have a chance for major enemies to drop materials such as Masterwork materials. Maybe even some other goodies.

Here is the costs of Masterworking armor in The Edge of Fate:

| Tier | Masterwork Level | Glimmer | Enhancement Core | Enhancement Prism | Ascendant Shard |
|------|------------------|---------|------------------|-------------------|-----------------|
| Tier 1 | 1 | 300 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 1 | 2 | 500 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 1 | 3 | 1200 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 1 | 4 | 3500 | 1 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 1 | 5 | 4500 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 2 | 1 | 1200 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 2 | 2 | 2800 | 1 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 2 | 3 | 4000 | 1 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 2 | 4 | 5000 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 2 | 5 | 7000 | 2 | 1 | 0 |
| Tier 3 | 1 | 1500 | 1 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 3 | 2 | 3000 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 3 | 3 | 5000 | 3 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 3 | 4 | 7000 | 4 | 1 | 0 |
| Tier 3 | 5 | 8500 | 5 | 2 | 1 |
| Tier 4 | 1 | 2000 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| Tier 4 | 2 | 3300 | 3 | 1 | 0 |
| Tier 4 | 3 | 6500 | 4 | 1 | 0 |
| Tier 4 | 4 | 8200 | 5 | 2 | 1 |
| Tier 4 | 5 | 10000 | 7 | 3 | 1 |
| Tier 5 | 1 | 2400 | 3 | 1 | 0 |
| Tier 5 | 2 | 3500 | 5 | 2 | 0 |
| Tier 5 | 3 | 7500 | 6 | 2 | 0 |
| Tier 5 | 4 | 9100 | 7 | 3 | 1 |
| Tier 5 | 5 | 12500 | 9 | 5 | 2 |
| Exotic | 1 | 1500 | 1 | 0 | 0 |
| Exotic | 2 | 3000 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| Exotic | 3 | 5000 | 3 | 1 | 0 |
| Exotic | 4 | 7000 | 4 | 1 | 1 |
| Exotic | 5 | 8500 | 5 | 2 | 2 |

### Destination Materials

Use them or lose them. Rahool will no longer accept destination materials when The Edge of Fate launches.

The following can be safely deleted after July 15th:
- Finest Matterweave
- Dusklight Shard
- Microphasic Datalattice
- Baryon Bough
- Helium Filament
- Glacial Starwort
- Spinmetal Leaves

### Activity Rewards Changes

#### Vanguard Ops Onslaught

- Brave Arsenal weapons will be moved to be a part of Xur's wares. (Only the Standard, non-foil, versions will be available.)
- Zavala will no longer offer Onslaught attunement.

#### Nightfalls

- Moving from weekly to daily rotation.
- Nightfall Weapons are now legacy gear.
- Nightfall loot pool will be updated to include all previous Nightfall weapons that have Origin Traits.
- Nightfall rewards are on a knockout list until all Nightfall weapons have been unlocked.
    - From then on, all Nightfall weapons have a flat drop chance.
- Grandmaster Nightfalls no longer exists. Their purpose and function have been transferred to the Portal screen and Conquests.
    - You will still experience Grandmaster difficulty, just in other activities.

#### Legacy Rituals (Crucible, Gambit, Vanguard Ops)

Activities that don't offer tiered gear required some adjustments in the new system.

- Ritual Reputation Reward Tracks have been removed.
- Ritual Engrams have been removed.
- Legacy Focusing Remains but costs have been updated with the removal of Ritual Engrams.
    - Legacy Armor and Legacy Weapons will cost:
        - 15000 Glimmer
        - Three Enhancement Cores

### Vendors and Reputation Rank Tracks

When you start playing The Edge of Fate, you'll notice the vendor reputation system has been removed from vendors in the Tower (other then Hawthorne).

Here are a list of additional changes to a fistful of vendors:

#### Xûr

- Xûr will not sell Legendary armor in The Edge of Fate.
    - All of Xûr's Legendary armors will move to Ada-1 where she will sell them for cosmetic purposes.
- Xûr will now sell two Exotic armor pieces, per class, per week
    - One will be from the existing pool of Exotics that Xûr has always sold.
    - One will be from the Beyond Light, Witch Queen, Lightfall, The Final Shape pools.
        - Players must own the expansion these Exotics are associated with in order to purchase them from Xûr.
    - Xûr will continue to sell catalysts but they have been moved to the Strange Gear Offers submenu.
    - Xûr will sell Exotic Class Items every week.
        - Players still need to acquire the Exotic Class item from Dual Destiny (or FOTL) before Xûr will allow players to purchase Exotic Class Items.
- Xûr will sell 9 Legendary Weapons per week
    - Three weapons per slot
    - Class-specific Swords (which aren't class specific anymore) are still in Xûr's inventory but will not be available every week.
    - Xûr has had Brave Arsenal weapons added to his inventory.
    - Xûr has had Legacy Nightfall and Trials Weapons added to his inventory.
        - Rare Chance at Adept Weapons showing up.
            - Standard weapons will cost 17 Strange Coins.
            - Adept weapons will cost 41 Strange Coins.
    - Xûr has had weapons from Echoes, Revenant, and Heresy added to his inventory.
        - Rare Chance at Adept Heresy weapons.
            - Standard weapons will cost 17 Strange Coins.
            - Adept weapons will cost 41 Strange Coins.
    - Xûr has had Legacy Comp Crucible Weapons added to his inventory.
- Xûr will no longer sell:
    - Nightfall Ciphers
    - Gambit Engrams
    - Crucible Engrams
    - Vanguard Engrams
    - Upgrade Modules


#### Ada-1

- Ada will be offering up to 20 Threader Bounties per season, per class.
- Ada's inventory of legacy armors has been expanded to include armors previously distributed via Xûr.
    - Legacy armor will cost:
        - 15000 Glimmer
        - Three Enhancement Cores
    - Ada will offer players who have made it to the Tower for the first time before The Edge of Fate a bundle of Exotic armor tokens to be used to roll for Exotic armors with new stat packages.
        - Players must have unlocked an item in collections before it is eligible for rerolls on Ada-1.
        - These tokens are a one-time offer.
        - These offers will disappear from Ada when all tokens have been spent.
        - No new armors will be added to this in the future, so there is no benefit to hording tokens.
- Transmog Bounties have been overhauled.
    - PvE - Bounties that can be completed anywhere in PvE activities, no longer sends players to specific destinations (ie: Blind Well, Altars of Sorrow).
    - PvP - Bounties that can be completed in any PvP mode (Crucible, Trials, etc.)
    - Raids & dungeons - Unchanged from previous version.

#### Banshee-44

- Reputation Rank Reward Track has been removed.
    - Bounties no longer provide Gunsmith Reputation.
    - Dismantling gear no longer provides Gunsmith Reputation.
- Banshee will no longer sell Upgrade Modules.
- Gunsmith Engrams have been removed from the game.
- Legacy weapons will cost:
    - 15000 Glimmer
    - Three Enhancement Cores

#### Rahool

- Cryptarch Reputation Ranks have been removed.
- New Exotic Armors in The Edge of Fate will be unlocked via completing the Legendary Campaign and **NOT** through Rahool.
    - Unlocked Per Class
- Novel Focusing for Exotic Armors from past expansions will be available to players immediately, with no need to decrypt engrams to unlock it; costs remain the same for Novel Focusing.
- Focusing sub-menu has been reordered to put the most used screens up front.

### Ghost Mods

- Previous Armorer Ghost Mods (ie: Resistance Armorer) will be deprecated, as they no longer match the stats on Armors post v900.
    - They will be replaced with a new set of Armorer Ghost Mods.
- Some Activity Ghost mods have been deprecated. (Some mods relate to activities that don't drop up to date gear anymore.)
    - We plan to add new Activity Ghost mods in a future release.

### Osirian Ciphers and Nightfall Ciphers

They will not have a use in The Edge of Fate, but will remain in your inventory. There are plans for them in Destiny 2: Renegades. More to come.

## Destiny 2 Expansion Open Access

Have friends who want to try Destiny 2, but don't want to pay first?

From July 8th to July 22nd, all _currently available_ Destiny 2 Expansions, as well as all three available Episodes, will be available for **free** to all players. And you keep the currencies, gear, Titles, Triumphs, and cosmetics you earn!

## It's Almost Bungie Day

Bungie Day is coming soon! Bungie is partnering with Twitch's Summer of Rewards campaign to bring you some fresh new emblems on the road to launch. From 12AM Pacific on July 7th until 12AM Pacific on July 15th, gift a sub in the Destiny 2 category to receive a Pixel Perfect emblem.

(Go to [the Original TWID]({{ page.bungie_url }}) for the picture!)

## Player Support Report

### Destiny Content Vault Updates

With the launch of The Edge of Fate, some items will be deprecated from player inventories. An article has been created with more information: [Items Being Deprecated at the Start of Year 8](https://help.bungie.net/hc/en-us/articles/37986515799188)

In addition, the [Destiny Content Vault](https://help.bungie.net/hc/en-us/articles/360049202971) article has been updated.

### Claim Your Seasonal Rewards

Both Episode: Heresy and Rite of the Nine end on July 15. Make sure to claim any expiring rewards before they're gone, including:

- Episode: Heresy Seals and rewards
- Season Pass items
- Vendor rewards
- Ritual vendor engrams
- Bungie Rewards

### Astral Drake Helmet Update

There was a bug with the Stasis Drake Hunter Cowl that was temporally patched by removing the hood. This was later fixed and the hood was returned, but some players preferred the hoodless version. With the launch of The Edge of Fate, players can now choose which version they want to wear. Players who own the Astral Stasis Drake Hunter armor can claim the new "hoodless" version from the Special Deliveries Kiosk. This will also apply for anyone who purchases the armor in the future.

### Known Issues

- The Eternal Title doesn't count towards an account's total Titles.
- The Ascension Aspect isn't working with certain armor mods and Exotic armors.
- The Champ Title has lost its gilded status.
- Steps 6 and 9 of the Drowning Labyrinth quest aren't able to be completed by some players.
    - Due to this quest being a fix between character-scoped and account-scoped, if you have an alternate character and make progress on the quest, you need to play on that character to get back into the correct research paper level for your main character.
- Sometimes in the Derealize Exotic mission, the Taken relic can drop below the surface during the Vhriisk encounter.
- When tracking Ikora's Drowning Labyrinth quest, completion of certain steps may stop progress on the next steps.
- Memento shaders can be previewed on armor in the Armor Management screen. This is not intended, and Mementos aren't being considered for use on armor.
- Secant Filaments and Spirit of the Filaments can’t grant Devour while Facet of Protection is equipped.