---
title: "This Week In Destiny - 07/10/2025"
description: "Last one before The Edge of Fate"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2025-07-10
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/7/en/News/Article/twid_07_10_2025"
---

TL;DR:

## The Edge of Fate is Almost Here

The Edge of Fate launches this Tuesday (July 15th) at 10 AM PT!

Launch Trailer:

{% include youtube.html id="5LFBTFpWYVI" %}

Developer Insights - Taking Control:

{% include youtube.html id="1OyuqXSAf7s" %}

## Wander in {% include spoiler.html text="The Desert Perpetual" %}

The Edge of Fate Raid {% include spoiler.html text="The Desert Perpetual" %} launches on Saturday, July 19th at 10 AM PT.

As is tradition, the raid will launch in Contest Mode, which will be available for 48 hours. There will be a raid race, see below!

Also, once Contest mode has been cleared, Normal difficulty will go live.

### World First Race Info

(MoSadie's note: Please make sure to read the full [Original TWID]({{ site.bungie_url }}) for all the details, this is just a summary!)

- Contest Mode will be enabled for 48 hours, from July 19th at 10 AM PT to July 21st at 9:59 AM PT.
- Completing The Edge of Fate Campaign on Legendary difficulty will get you Contest ready.
- You MUST complete the campaign on any difficulty as an entry requirement.
- Fireteams do not need to go to orbit to finish the race.
- The first fireteam to finish every encounter and loot the final chest will be declared the World First team. (Pending verification by Bungie.)

### Watch the Race

The following accounts will be dropping the Power Hues emblem for any viewers watching:

- [Bungie](https://www.twitch.tv/bungie) pre-show from 6:45 AM PT – 10 AM PT
- [Evanf1997](https://www.twitch.tv/evanf1997) pre-show and full raid follow from 6:45 AM PT – 6 PM PT
- [WiseThug](https://www.twitch.tv/wisethug) and [Merj1](https://www.twitch.tv/merj1) (FR) from 10 AM – 2 PM PT
- [Nexxoss Gaming](https://www.twitch.tv/nexxossgaming) and [EllyKnalltRein](https://www.twitch.tv/ellyknalltrein) (DE) from 10 AM – 2 PM PT
- [Masseo](https://www.twitch.tv/masseo) (IT) from 10 AM – 2 PM PT
- [El Tío Toland](https://www.twitch.tv/eltio_toland) (LATAM MX) from 10 AM – 2 PM PT

[CBGray](https://www.youtube.com/c/cbgray) will also be giving out codes for the Power Hues emblem during his stream on YouTube.

After the race, gift a sub to any eligible Twitch Channel in the Destiny 2 category streaming the raid from July 19th 6 PM PT to July 29th 10 AM PT to receive the Golden Relief emblem. ([Make sure to link your Twitch and Bungie accounts!](https://help.bungie.net/hc/en-us/articles/8048011793812-Twitch-Drops))

## Last Week for Rite of the Nine

It's the last week of the event! Make sure to earn any rewards you want before it ends on July 15th at 4 AM PT.

Daybreak is still active, as well as extra loot, so get out there and farm!

## The Artifact is Here

Artifact name: Implement of Curiosity

Focus: Solar, Strand, Stasis, Elemental Pickups

### Artifact Perks

| Column 1 | Column 2 | Column 3 | Column 4 | Column 5 |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Anti-Barrier Scout and Pulse**: Your equipped Scout Rifles and Pulse Rifles fire shield-piercing rounds and stun Barrier Champions. | **Flame Fiber Freeze**: Combines the Solar/Strand and Solar/Stasis Siphon mods into one. | **Fever and Chill**: Rapid precision hits with Solar weapons grant Radiant. Rapid precision hits with Stasis weapons grant Frost Armor. | **Threaded Blast**: Destroying a Tangle with Strand damage increases the radius of the explosion and its damage. | **Radiant Shrapnel**: Dealing sustained weapon damage while Radiant or defeating a scorched combatant with a weapon causes the target to release Solar projectiles that deal damage and scorch on impact. |
| **Unstoppable Sidearm and Hand Cannon**: Aiming down the sights of a Hand Cannon or Sidearm for a short time loads a powerful payload that stuns unshielded combatants. Strong against Unstoppable Champions. | **Authorized Mods: Scavengers**: All Scavenger mods are discounted. | **Elemental Benevolence**: Granting allies an elemental buff gives class ability energy. | **Cauterized Darkness**: Stasis or Strand debuffed non-boss combatants take increased Solar damage from all sources. | **Shieldcrush**: While you have Woven Mail, Frost Armor, or a Void overshield, your melee recharges faster and deals increased damage. While you are Amplified or Radiant, your grenade recharges faster and deals increased damage. |
| **Unstoppable Sniper Rifle**: Aiming down the sights of a Sniper Rifle for a short time loads a powerful payload that stuns unshielded combatants. Strong against Unstoppable Champions. | **One with Frost**: While Frost Armor is active, Stasis weapons gain increased reload speed and stability. Stasis Swords gain increased guard resistance. | **Frost Renewal**: While you have Frost Armor, taking critical damage releases a burst that freezes nearby combatants and grants Frost Armor to you and nearby allies. | **Elemental Daze**: Stunning a Champion with an elemental weapon creates an elementally aligned explosion, applying a matching elemental debuff to them and nearby targets. | **Elemental Overdrive**: Picking up an elemental pickup or Tangle grants increased damage to weapons of the same element. |
| **Overload Shotgun**: Your equipped Shotguns fire disrupting rounds which stun the target, delaying ability energy regeneration and lowering combatant damage output. Strong against Overload Champions. | **Tightly Woven**: While Woven Mail is active, gain increased class ability and Grenade stats. | **Reciprocal Draw**: Rapid non-Sidearm final blows grant Sidearms a period of increased damage for a short time upon next draw. | **Shoulder to Shoulder**: Dealing sustained precision damage against combatants while near two or more allies grants you damage resistance. | **Tangled Web**: Creating a Tangle by defeating a Strand debuffed target suspends nearby combatants. |
| **Overload Rapid Fire**: Uninterrupted fire from your equipped Auto Rifles and Submachine Guns grants bullets that stun combatants, delaying ability energy regeneration and lowering combatant damage output. Strong against Overload Champions. | **Rapid Precision Rifling**: Rapid precision hits or final blows with Scout Rifles grants them increased reload and reduced incoming flinch. | **Refresh Threads**: Picking up an elemental pickup matching your subclass element or Tangle while you have a Strand Super grants energy to your least charged ability. | **Elemental Coalescence**: Defeating targets has the chance to create an elemental pickup matching your equipped Super element. | **Frigid Glare**: While Frost Armor is active, Stasis precision final blows cause combatants to release a freezing burst. |

## Armor Mod Changes

As always if you want the developer insights, please read the full [Original TWID]({{ site.bungie_url }}).

### Ammo Mods

- Ammo Finders now improve contribution to the corresponding meter, and can stack.
- Reserves mods on Chest armor have been deprecated and replaced with Ammo Generation mods, which improve the Ammo Generation stat of weapons matching their damage type, and can stack.
- Scavenger mods will continue to work as before (and continue to be disabled in Crucible) and cannot stack.
- Scout mods have been deprecated.

### Stat Mods

- Armor mods for stats have been updated for Armor 3.0
- Basic armor stat mods all have the same energy cost.
- +10 mods cost 3 energy. +5 mods cost 1 energy.

### Font Mods

- Reduced the benefit granted by the "Font" armor mods from +30/+50/+60 for 1/2/3 stacks to +20/+40/+50

### Mobility Mods

- Mobility stat is going away, set to 30 for Warlocks and Titans, and 40 for Hunters.
- Added a new Legs armor mod, "Enhanced Athletics" to increase base movement speed and jump. (For 1/2/3 stacks, provides the equivalent of +30/+50/+60 Mobility.)
- The new version of the Mobility stat can now max out at 130.

### Recuperation

- Reduced the healing granted by collecting an Orb of Power with the Recuperation armor mod equipped from 70 to 15.

## Everything We Have Talked About

(MoSadie's note: These links are to my summary posts, not the original TWIDs. The original TWIDs are linked in the summary posts.)

- [The Edge of Fate and Year of Prophecy Reveal Recap]({% post_url 2025-5-6-stream %})
- [Some Post-Reveal Answers]({% post_url 2025-5-8-twid %})
- [We Shared Previews from Content Creators]({% post_url 2025-6-5-twid %})
- [Iron Banner and Gambit in The Edge of Fate]({% post_url 2025-6-12-twid %})
- [Additive Melee Damage and Exotic Armor Tuning]({% post_url 2025-6-19-twid %})
- [Armor 3.0, Abilities Balance Pass and Season Pass Updates]({% post_url 2025-6-26-twid %})
- [The Portal, The New Hub for Activities]({% post_url 2025-7-3-twid %})
- [Weapons, Power and Economy Updates]({% post_url 2025-7-3-twid %})

## Bungie Day Sales!

Celebrate Bungie Day with the Bungie Day Sale at the Bungie Store. Take advantage of exciting savings in the [Fateful Deals](https://bungiestore.com/last-chance) category or catch up on your [Bungie Rewards](https://bungiestore.com/rewards) with flat rate shipping. If you haven’t picked up the [NERF LMTD Destiny 2 Ace of Spades Blaster](https://bungiestore.com/products/bungie-rewards-nerf-ace-of-spades-blaster/DSA23014-100), now’s your chance to take 10% off! If your Oryx or Crota plush are feeling a little lonely, [Savathun](https://bungiestore.com/products/savathun-plush/DSA25001-100) and [Starhorse](https://bungiestore.com/products/starhorse-plush/DSA25002-100) are on the Bungie Store!

And for the Destiny Collectors, take advantage of [Retired Rewards](https://bungiestore.com/rewards/retired-rewards-restock) to pick up Bungie Rewards you might have missed. Retired Rewards eligibility requirements must have been completed by the original earn by date to be eligible for this promotion.

### Bungie Day Emblems Update

Any purchase on the Bungie Store during the Bungie Day Sale will be eligible to receive all **6** promotional emblems, including the Knit One, Purr One emblem!

Other emblems include:
- Anomalous Signal
- Between Stars
- Huygens' Trove
- Lockbox
- Threads of Light
- Through the Heart

## Bungie Day 2025 Campaign Update

We are 4 days in to raising money for the Bungie Foundation, and we are already at over $400,000 raised!

Don't forget that with The Edge of Fate launch next week additional incentives will be unlocked, including the Helping Hand emote and the Steadfast Column shader.

Head to [the Tiltify donation page](https://tilt.fyi/a6Gdjo7CLv) to donate!
(MoSadie's note: This link is to my campaign in the Bungie Day 2025 event, so they know I sent you!)

## Twitch Summer of Drops

An issue with the Pixel Perfect emblem not showing up in Collections after players have gifted a sub in the Destiny 2 category has been resolved. You can continue to gift subs safely and receive your emblem. You can claim it from the Special Orders kiosk in the Tower.

You have until 12am PT on July 15th to gift a sub in the Destiny 2 category on Twitch to receive the Pixel Perfect emblem.

## Player Support Report

### Daily Bonus Nonary Engrams Disabled

For a day, the daily bonus Nonary Engrams was not available. This has been resolved, and the daily bonus Nonary Engrams are now available again. (MoSadie's note: At the time of the TWID, this was still being investigated. [It has since been resolved.](https://bsky.app/profile/destiny2team.bungie.net/post/3ltngjuolbf23))

### Astral Drake Helmet Update

There was a bug with the Stasis Drake Hunter Cowl that was temporally patched by removing the hood. This was later fixed and the hood was returned, but some players preferred the hoodless version. With the launch of The Edge of Fate, players can now choose which version they want to wear. Players who own the Astral Stasis Drake Hunter armor can claim the new "hoodless" version from the Special Deliveries Kiosk. This will also apply for anyone who purchases the armor in the future.

### Bungie.net and Destiny API Feature Removal

On July 15th, the following features will be removed from Bungie.net and the Destiny API:
- Community Creations
- Groups (MoSadie's note: Not Clans, Groups were a feature that [started to be deprecated in 2023](https://www.bungie.net/7/en/News/article/this-week-in-destiny-10-12-23))
- Legacy Fireteam Finder
- Viewer Bounties in the Twitch Extension

### Update 9.0.0.1

Next Tuesday, July 15th, Update 9.0.0.1 will be released. Here is the timeline for the update:

- 4:00 AM PT - Destiny 2 maintenance begins.
- **5:45 AM PT** - Destiny 2 will be taken offline.
- **10:00 AM PT** - The Edge of Fate launches, and Destiny 2 will be back online.
- 12:00 PM PT - Destiny 2 maintenance is expected to conclude.

Schedule is subject to change, so check the [Destiny Server and Update Status page](https://help.bungie.net/articles/360049199271) for the latest updates.

### The Edge of Fate Pre-load

#### Pre-load Times

The following are times for players on specific platforms to pre-load The Edge of Fate:
- Steam: July 15th at 6 AM PT
- PlayStation: July 13th at 6 AM PT for consoles with automatic updates enabled, July 15th at 6 AM PT for manual updates
- Xbox: July 13th at 6 AM PT for consoles with automatic updates enabled, July 15th at 6 AM PT for manual updates
- Epic Games Store: July 15th at 6 AM PT
- Microsoft Store: July 13th at 6 AM PT for _some_ PCs with automatic updates enabled, July 15th at 6 AM PT for manual updates and all other PCs

#### Pre-load Size

Below are the updated storage requirements for The Edge of Fate:

| Platform | Storage Needed for Installation | Destiny 2 install size after 9.0.0.1 |
| -------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| PlayStation 5 | 154.60 GB | 154.60 GB* |
| PlayStation 4 | 319.50 GB** | 150.20 GB* |
| Xbox Series X/S | 148.64 GB | 148.64 GB |
| Xbox One | 140.33 GB | 140.33 GB |
| Steam | 331.40 GB*** | 148.40 GB* |
| Epic Games Store | 329.24 GB | 182.83 GB |
| Microsoft Store | 138.81 GB | 138.81 GB |

*Destiny 2 Install Size may vary based on languages installed, size show is maximum possible.

**Playstation 4: Includes current installed version of Destiny 2 and Update 9.0.0.1 at the same time.

***Steam: Includes current installed version of Destiny 2 and Update 9.0.0.1 at the same time.

### The Edge of Fate Day-1 Known Issues List

Coming Soon, will be posted before the launch of The Edge of Fate on July 15th.

### Claim Your Seasonal Rewards

Episode: Heresy, The Rite of the Nine, and all Year 7 content ends on July 15th. Make sure to claim any expiring rewards before they're gone, including:

- Seasonal Seal and rewards
- Season Pass items
- Seasonal vendor rewards
- Shaxx, Zavala, Drifter, and Saint-14 rewards
- Banshee-44 reputation items
- Bungie Rewards

### Destiny Content Vault Updates

With the launch of The Edge of Fate, some items will be deprecated from player inventories. An article has been created with more information: [Items Being Deprecated at the Start of Year 8](https://help.bungie.net/hc/en-us/articles/37986515799188)

In addition, the [Destiny Content Vault](https://help.bungie.net/hc/en-us/articles/360049202971) article has been updated.

### Known Issues List

- The ETERNAL Title doesn't count towards an account's total Titles.
- The Ascension Aspect isn't working with certain armor mods and Exotic armors.
- The Champ Title has lost its gilded status.
- Sometimes in the Derealize Exotic mission, the Taken relic can drop below the surface during the Vhriisk encounter.
- Memento shaders can be previewed on armor in the Armor Management screen. This is not intended, and Mementos aren't being considered for use on armor.