---
title: "This Week In Destiny - 05/01/2025"
description: "Checkmate"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2025-05-01
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/7/en/News/Article/twid_05_01_2025"
---

TL;DR:

## Breaking News: Community Puzzle Solved!

Chesstiny has been solved! A new cutscene has been unlocked: https://youtu.be/ggQYYEDVp60

(MoSadie's note: Loot is very good, highly recommend. Some unique cosmetics to take!)

## Edge of Fate Reveal Stream

Save the date! May 6th at 9am Pacific. (That is one hour before the weekly reset.)

They will reveal The Edge of Fate (formerly Codename: Apollo) and the upcoming year of Destiny 2.
Be ready. It's almost here.

There will be an emblem for watching 15 minutes of the stream on Twitch.

## Heavy Metal Stream Emblem

There's a drop for the "Mad Dog" emblem for watching any stream for an hour between May 9th 10am Pacific and May 16th 10am Pacific.

## Update 8.2.6 Sandbox Preview

### Abilities

#### Crucible Only

- Prismatic Supers: Reduced Prismatic-specific Super cooldown penalty from 10% to 5%
- Scatter Grenade: Reduced scatter grenade damage vs. players by 15%
- Hunter (On the Prowl): Reduced prey-finding range from 45m to 25m and reduced hunt time from infinite to 15 seconds
- Warlock (Lightning Surge): Clamped the variability of Lightning Surge damage against players, which slightly increased the minimum damage and slightly decreased the maximum damage.

#### Everywhere

- Hunter
    - Withering Blade:
        - Increased tracking strength by 20%
        - Increased damage by 10%
    - Throwing Knives:
        - Fixed an issue with tracking.
        - Lightweight Knife: Increase tracking shape size by 10% and strength by 20%
        - Fan of Knives: Increase tracking shape size by 15%
    - On the Prowl:
        - Reduced prey-finding cooldown from 0.5s to 0.1s
        - Ability energy is now granted instantly instead of over time
- Warlock
    - Lightning Surge:
        -  Slightly increased the follow-up-melee supression time after Lightning Surge to match Shoulder Charge and other similar abilities

### Weapons

#### Pulse Rifles

- Legacy Frame: The Legacy Frame Origin Trait now reduced ADS Damage Falloff Scalar by 0.1.
    - This reduces Battler and Estoc's ADS Damage Falloff Scalars from 1.7 to 1.6, matching High Impact Pulses.
    - Increased BxR Battler's Airborne Effectiveness stat - 10 to 21.
- Rapid-Fire
    - Increased base damage from 14.5 to 15
    - Increased precision damage from 27.6 to 27.8

#### Hand Cannons

- Heavy Burst
    - Increased ADS damage falloff scalar from 1.5x to 1.6x.
- Adaptive - Judgment
    - Mag size increased from 9 to 11
    - Reload increased from 40 to 45
    - Handling increased from 42 to 55

#### Auto Rifles

- High Impact
    - Increased base damage by 4% (Body: 23 -> 24, Crit: 41.4 -> 43.2)
- Precision
    - Increased base damage by 3%, reduced precision damage scalar slightly to offset this (Body: 19.4 -> 20, Crit: 33.95 -> 34)

#### Submachine Guns

- Adaptive Submachine Guns
    - Increase ADS damage falloff scalar from 1.4x to 1.5x.

#### Shotguns

- Heavy Burst Slug
    - Increased damage by 8%

### Weapon Perks

#### One Quiet Moment

Now has two stacks, one that activates after 1s of being out of combat for 50% of the bonus, and the other at 2s.

#### Alacrity

Now activates at reduced effectiveness whenever a teammate dies. Reaches maximum effectiveness when two or more teammates are currently dead.

### Exotic Weapons

#### Lord of Wolves

It's time to reign it in.

Reduced hip fire damage in PvE by 30%.

#### Riskrunner

Increased zoom from 13 to 14

#### Truth and Two Tailed Fox

Increased the amount of ammo picked up from ammo crates in Crucible from 1 to 2.

#### Alethonym

Special ammo now only drains 50% of enemy, instead of 100%.

Also reworded the Vestigial Alchemy trait description to be a little less confusing.

#### Finality's Auger

- Increased the duration that a target is painted to match the duration of the turret.
- The environmental target marker now marks additional targets that enter the zone after its initial creation.
- Now grants an automatic reload from reserves after deploying a turret.
- Reduced the turret's self-damage by 85%.
- Increased the turret's damage by 10%.

### Exotic Armor

#### Hunter

- Radiant Dance Machines: Too many changes, please read the TWID.

#### Titan

- Lion Rampant
    - Added the accuracy and range hip fire bonus from Radiant Dance Machines to Lion Rampant for Primary weapons only. (Always active)
    - The +50 Airborne Effectiveness bonus is now always active, not just when you are hip firing while airborne.

#### Warlock

- Lunafaction Boots
    - Added the accuracy and range hip fire bonuses from Radiant Dance Machines to Lunafaction Boots for Primary ammo weapons only. These hip fire benefits are always active, not just when in a rift.
    - Decreased the range bonus granted by the Empowering Rift by 50% in PvP only to reduce occurrences of extremely long-range kills with short range weapons like Fusions and Slug Shotguns

## Three New Rewards with 8.2.6

### Iron Banner

#### Nature Reclaimed

- Solar Lightweight Scout Rifle
- Column 3: Killing Wind, Outlaw, Heal Clip, Lone Wolf, Rapid Hit, Shoot to Loot
- Column 4: Desperate Measures, Kill Clip, Incandescent, Precision Instrument, Box Breathing, Explosive Payload
- Origin Trait: Iron Banner

### Trials of Osiris

#### The Inquisitor

- Arc Precision Slug Shotgun – SUROS Foundry
- Column 3: Envious Assassin, Lone Wolf, Offhand Strike, Loose Change, Perpetual Motion, Slideshot, Threat Detector
- Column 4: Bait and Switch, Closing Time, Cascade Point, Fragile Focus, Jolting Feedback, Opening Shot, Precision Instrument
- Origin Traits: Trials, Crucible, SUROS

### Nightfall

#### Cruel Mercy

- Arc Heavy Burst Pulse Rifle – Omolon Foundry
- Column 3: Dragonfly, Demolitionist, Eddy Current, Fourth Times the Charm, Keep Away, Lone Wolf
- Column 4: Jolting Feedback, Adrenaline Junkie, Headseeker, Frenzy, Kill Clip, Desperado
- Origin Traits: Nightfall, Vanguard, Omolon

### How to earn

Nature Reclaimed: Earned from Iron Banner starting May 20th as match rewards / engrams. and from focusing.

For the other two they can be earned from vendors normally, BUT...

For the duration of Rite of the Nine and until The Edge of Fate, you get them as an additional drop when completing and Trials match or Nightfall activity. THIS INCLUDES ADEPTS.

Trials returns on May 13th with Aisha's Care, and will also provide extra The Inquisitor drops.

Nightfalls starts extra Cruel Mercy drops on May 6th with Lotus Eater.

## Current (relevant) Known Issues

- Some bosses don't spawn in Court of Blades, leading to a soft-lock.
- While speaking to a vendor you can hear their ambient dialog.
- Ionic Sentry sometimes doesn't Chain Lightning enemies.
- Steps 6 and 9 of the Drowning Labyrinth quest aren't able to be completed by some players. (Your research tier is last earned across your account, so if your main is Tier 2 and your alt char unlocks Tier 1, you're back to Tier 1 on all characters until the next Tier unlock)
- Sometimes in the Derealize Exotic mission, the Taken relic can drop below the surface during the Vhriisk encounter.
- When damaging Shrieker bosses in the Sundered Doctrine dungeon, players receive critical damage feedback, but damage is actually regular base damage.
- When tracking Ikora's Drowning Labyrinth quest, completion of certain steps may stop progress on the next steps.
- Sometimes the Tome of Want: A Primer quest does not progress after meeting Step 3 and Step 4 requirements.
- Secant Filaments and Spirit of the Filaments can’t grant Devour while Facet of Protection is equipped.