---
title: "This Week In Destiny - 06/19/2025"
description: "Punch, strike, knife"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2025-06-19
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/7/en/News/Article/twid_06_19_2025"
---

TL;DR:

## Next Dev Stream: June 24th, 10am Pacific

Topics to cover include:
- Armor 3.0
- new ability stat system
- new weapons
- and more!

## Rite of the Nine Continues

The Calendar:

| Dates Available | Rewards |
|-----------------|---------|
| Now - End of Event (July 15) | - Complete all encounters in one run to earn an extra drop from the final boss <br> - Complete all encounters in one run on Eternity or Ultimatum difficulty to earn an armor piece (knockout style) |
| June 17 - June 24 | Increased currency drops will be active for all dungeons. |
| June 24 - End of Event (July 15) | The Emissary will offer a handful of Exotics, more added *each week* through The Edge of Fate launch. |
| June 24 - July 1 | Spire of the Watcher will have increased currency drops, a chance for weapons to drop from enemy kills, and increased loot from the final boss chest when completing all encounters in Spire of the Watcher. |
| July 1 - July 8 | Ghosts of the Deep will have increased currency drops, a chance for weapons to drop from enemy kills, and increased loot from the final boss chest when completing all encounters in Ghosts of the Deep. |
| July 8 - July 15 | Prophecy will have increased currency drops, a chance for weapons to drop from enemy kills, and increased loot from the final boss chest when completing all encounters in Prophecy. |
| July 8 - July 15 | - "lootapalooza" will begin, increasing currency rewards and weapon drops from enemies in all dungeons. <br> - And even more increased loot from the final boss chest when completing all encounters. |

## Melee Damage is Changing in The Edge of Fate

### How Melee Damage Worked Before

Currently, most sources of increased damage are multiplicative. For example, two 50% (1.5x) damage buffs would multiply together to give you 125% (2.25x) damage. This leads to two major problems:
1. The more buffs you stack, the more powerful they all become, causing the best builds to just be the ones that stack the most buffs.
2. Balancing the game becomes more difficult as more sources of damage increase are added, causing bosses to either be one-shot with buffs or feel like bullet sponges without buffs.

### How Melee Damage Will Work in The Edge of Fate

When The Edge of Fate launches on July 15, melee damage increases will be additive. This means that two 50% (1.5x) damage buffs will add together to give you 100% (2x) damage.

This does result in a lower maximum damage output, and it's unlikely that most bosses will ever be one-shot with melee abilities going forward, but because of these changes the following cool changes will happen:
- There are buffs to almost all effects that increase melee damage, some of them by double the damage they do now.
- In PvE, melee damage increasing effects always stack at full value if applicable.

The goal with these changes is to make it easier to create a personalized build that works for you. Many potential combinations of melee abilities and buildcrafting tools are now much stronger.

### Systemic Updates

There is one exception to the "melee damage increases are additive" rule: the new Melee stat. It will be multiplicative with all other sources of melee damage increases. As a reminder, maxing out the Melee stat will increase your melee damage by 30% (1.3x).

Additionally, melee damage no longer scales Scorch and Ignition damage generated by melee attacks. (This is similar to the Jolt damage change a while ago)

### About Glaives

**Glaive melee is considered an unpowered melee ability in The Edge of Fate.** 

More details (and examples) can be found on the [Original TWID]({{ page.bungie_url }}), but here are the highlights:
- Glaive melee is now considered to be a type of unpowered melee ability.
- Glaive melee now triggers all effects that are triggered by any melee ability.
- Glaive melee damage in PvE has been adjusted down to compensate for their increased access to melee damage-increasing effects.

### Abilities Changes for Melees

#### All Classes

- Prismatic
    - Facet of Courage
        - PvE melee damage bonus increased from 10% to 50%.
- Arc
    - Spark of Feedback
        - PvE melee damage bonus increased from 75% to 100%.
        - Now works with Glaive melee at full effect.
        - PvE melee damage bonus is no longer decreased when used with Synthoceps, Liar's Handshake, Knockout, Wormgod Caress, One-Two Punch, or Winter's Guile.

#### Titan

- Roaring Flames
    - Maximum PvE melee damage bonus increased from 73% to 200%.
    - Melee damage bonus is no longer decreased when used with Peregrine Greaves, Wormgod Caress, One-Two Punch, or Synthoceps.
- Knockout
    - PvE uncharged melee damage bonus increased from 100% to 160%.
    - PvE charged melee damage bonus increased from 50% to 160%.
    - Increased melee damage now works with Glaive melee at full effect.
- Offensive Bulwark
    - PvE melee damage bonus increased from 100% to 160%.
    - Increased melee damage now works with Glaive melee at full effect.
    - Melee damage bonus is no longer decreased when used with Synthoceps.
- Banner of War
    - Melee damage bonus for user and allies increased from 40% to 100%.
    - Melee damage bonus is no longer decreased when used with Wormgod Caress, Synthoceps, or Glaive Melee.
    - The damage bonus provided to Bladefury's melee attacks is unchanged.

#### Hunter

- Stylish Executioner
    - PvE melee damage bonus increased from 200% to 300%.
    - Now works with Glaive melee at full effect.
    - Now works with every melee ability if the ability makes contact while you are leaving invisibility.
        - In other words, projectile melee abilities like Threaded Spike will benefit from the damage increase if you use it at point-blank.
- Combination Blow
    - Maximum PvE damage bonus increased from 309% to 400%.
    - Increased melee damage now works with Glaive melee at full effect.
    - Now works with Tempest Strike in PvE at full effect.
    - Now works with Grapple melee in PvE at full effect.

### Exotic Armor Changes

#### Hunter

- Athrys's Embrace
    - PvE Weighted Throwing Knife damage bonus increased from 200% to 300%.
- Liar's Handshake (and Spirit of the Liar)
    - PvE basic melee and Arc melee damage increased from 200% to 400%.
- Ophidia Spathe
    - Maximum PvE Throwing Knife damage bonus increased from 100% to 200%.
- Triton Vice
    - PvE Glaive melee damage bonus increased from 100% to 200%.

#### Titan

- Heart of Inmost Light
    - Maximum PvE melee damage bonus increased from 20% to 50%.
    - Now increases the damage of unpowered and Glaive melee abilities.
- Peregrine Greaves
    - Shoulder charge ability impact damage bonus against non-Champion, non-Tormentor, and non-miniboss targets increased from 363% to 400%.
- Synthoceps and Spirit of the Synthoceps
    - Melee damage bonus is unchanged (165%).
    - Melee damage bonus is no longer decreased when used with Combination Blow, Stylish Executioner, and Glaive Melee.
    - Damage bonus is still decreased against players when used with Lightning Surge.
- Wishful Ignorance
    - Maximum PvE Frenzied Blade melee damage bonus increased from 100% to 200%.
    - Maximum PvE Flechette Storm melee damage bonus increased from 50% to 200%.
- Wormgod Caress
    - Maximum PvE melee damage bonus increased from 275% to 400%.
    - Melee damage bonus is no longer decreased when used with Roaring Flames or Glaive melee.

#### Warlock

- Winter's Guile
    - Maximum PvE melee damage bonus increased from 275% to 400%.

### Weapon Changes

#### Weapon Perks

- Close to Melee
    - PvE Glaive melee damage bonus increased from 30% to 60%.
- One-Two Punch
    - PvE melee damage bonus increased from 100% to 150%.
    - Now works with all melee abilities.
    - Melee damage bonus is no longer decreased when used with Liar's Handshake.
    - Increased the time the perk is active to three seconds.

#### Exotic Weapons

- Bastion
    - Saint's Fists PvE melee damage bonus increased from 100% to 300%.
    - Now works with all melee abilities.
    - Increased the time the perk is active to three seconds.
- Monte Carlo
    - Catalyst melee attack no longer deals reduced melee damage to bosses, minibosses, and Champions.
- Winterbite
    - Now receives melee damage bonuses from a variety of sources.
        - Reduced enhanced melee damage with ammo to +20% vs bosses, down from +50%.

## Exotic Armor Tuning Preview

Additional details, including elaboration on the changes and the reasoning behind them, can be found in the [Original TWID]({{ page.bungie_url }}).

### Hunter

- The Dragon's Shadow
    - Now passively increases weapon stability and ready speed.
    - Dodging reloads your equipped weapon.
        - No longer reloads holstered weapons.
    - Activating your dodge ability grants the following effects for a short time:
        - Increased stability and handling
        - Increased move speed
        - Increased sprint, slide, and ADS strafe speeds
        - Increased class stat
- Speedloader Slacks
    - Adjusted the Tight Fit perk:
        - Dodging reloads all weapons and grants increased handling and reload speed for you and nearby allies.
            - While this buff is active, additional dodges increase the strength of the buff and refresh the timer.
        - Dealing sustained damage grants class ability energy.
- Mask of Bakris
    - Effects are now active when either an Arc or Stasis Super is equipped.
    - Reworked “Light Shift”:
        - No longer provides a non-stacking “Surge” damage bonus.
        - Now grants +10% damage for eligible weapons (Stasis weapons, Arc weapons, and Lord of Wolves) per stack.
        - Stacks up to three times.
        - While active, weapon final blows grant class ability energy.
- Khepri's Sting
    - Removed automatic Smoke Bomb activation when using a melee attack.
    - Removed Truesight when dealing damage with smoke bomb.
    - Added:
        - Killing weakened targets creates a burst of weakening smoke and returns smoke bomb energy.
- Oathkeepers
    - Increased maximum damage bonus from +150% to +200%.
    - Now provides more of the total damage bonus earlier in the overdraw.
- Blight Ranger
    - Fixed an issue where cancellation damage was not consistently scaling based on Voltaic Mirror progress.
    - Adjusted Voltaic Mirror meter behavior:
        - Now requires 25% less reflections to reach maximum.
        - Fills more evenly.
        - Blocked melee attacks now count as a reflection.
    - Maximum cancellation damage increased by 50%
        - This is in addition to the fix above.
    - Minimum cancellation damage increased by 150%.
    - Now always applies Blind before dealing damage.
    - Updated visuals, audio, and timing of the blinding shockwave to better reflect its impact.

### Titan

- Crest of Alpha Lupi
    - Added additional effects:
        - Sustained damage while behind a barricade triggers another smaller healing pulse.
        - Healing your allies grants barricade energy.
- Phoenix Cradle
    - Updated VFX on Sunspots while the user has Phoenix Cradles to look more clearly supportive to allies.
    - Added additional effects:
        - Dealing sustained Solar weapon damage in a Sunspot extends its duration.
        - Providing Solar buffs to allies has the chance to create a Sunspot at your feet.
- MK 44 Stand Asides
    - Sprinting with Juggernaut active periodically grants you a stack of Static Charge.
    - Sprinting while amplified creates an area behind you that grants allies Speed Booster.
- Path of Burning Steps
    - Increase Solar weapon damage and Solar Ignition damage based on the number of stacks of Roaring Flame you have.
    - Roaring Flame x1/2/3 grants +10/15/20% bonus Solar weapon damage and +5/10/15% bonus Ignition damage.
        - Stacks with Surge mods.
    - Reduces the duration of Suspend, Slow, and Freeze effects applied to you.
- Abeyant Leap
    - Now increases the duration of Suspend applied by enhanced Drengr’s Lashes.
- Actium War Rig
    - Auto Rifle or Machine gun final blows increase their stability, ammo generation, and damage.
        - Stacks up to ten times. Higher stack counts expire more quickly.
- Stoicism
    - Spirit of Alpha Lupi
        - Added: Healing your allies grants class ability energy.

### Warlock

- Starfire Protocol
    - Now also activates on Radiant damage.
    - Increased the Fusion Grenade energy gain from dealing damage from 2.5% to 5%.
    - Reduced Fusion Grenade energy gain from final blows from 20% to 15%.
- Wings of Sacred Dawn
    - Combatants are less accurate towards you while Tome of Dawn is active.
        - This is similar to Manticore’s effect.
    - While a Solar Super is equipped, Solar Weapon final blows now grant Restoration and reload your stowed weapons.
- Felwinter's Helm
    - Added: "Powered melee damage weakens targets."
        - Applies a 15% weaken.
        - Weaken effects applied by the burst via melee or finisher final blows are unchanged.
- Promethium Spurs
    - Reworked the perk Embers of Light:
        - While a Solar Super is equipped, weapon defeats grant class ability energy and weapon defeats in a rift grant a different Solar verb depending on the Rift:
            - While in a Healing Rift, weapon defeats create a pulse that grants Radiant to you and nearby allies.
            - While in an Empowering Rift, weapon defeats instead grant Cure to you and nearby allies.
- Boots of the Assembler
    - Noble Seekers no longer spawn in waves and instead spawn at a constant rate based on fireteam size.
        - Average number of Noble Seekers produced per eight seconds is unchanged - it will produce one per ally in that time period.
    - Noble Seeker tracking range changed to 40 meters always (from 20 to 40 meters based on time alive).
    - Noble Seekers will prioritize allies who have not been healed in the last eight seconds.
    - Noble Seekers can now target allies standing in the rift producing them.
    - Noble Seekers will not target an ally more than once every four seconds.
    - Noble Seekers will not detonate when passing near an ally they are not targeting.
        - They will still detonate if they make direct impact with an ally they are not targeting.
    - No longer grants extended rift duration on Noble Seeker impact with allies.
        - Instead, grants class ability energy on Noble Seeker impact with allies (scales based on fireteam size).
- Geomag Stabilizers
    - Reduced Super energy granted by ionic traces to 4% (from 7%)
    - Retuned sprinting to top off Bolt Charge:
        - Decreased Bolt Charge stacks required before sprinting will grant additional stacks from six to five.
        - Decreased the amount of time required for sprinting to start granting Bolt Charge from two seconds to one.
        - Increased the rate Bolt Charge is granted while this effect is active from one every 1.5 seconds to one every 0.33 seconds

## The Final Shape Bungie Rewards

Don't forget to earn the triumphs for any Bungie Rewards you want to claim before The Edge of Fate launches!

## Player Support Report

### Known Issues

- The Ascension Aspect isn't working with certain armor mods and Exotic armors.
- Crystals made by the Rime-Coat Raiment Exotic Chest don't reliably grant Devour while Feed the Void is equipped.
- Enhanced Recycled Energy grants no energy back.
- The Champ Title has lost its gilded status.
- When speaking to a vendor, you can hear their ambient dialogue; sometimes you hear vendor voices overlapping... which can be very confusing.
- Steps 6 and 9 of the Drowning Labyrinth quest aren't able to be completed by some players.
    - Due to this quest being a fix between character-scoped and account-scoped, if you have an alternate character and make progress on the quest, you need to play on that character to get back into the correct research paper level for your main character.
- Sometimes in the Derealize Exotic mission, the Taken relic can drop below the surface during the Vhriisk encounter.
- When damaging Shrieker bosses in the Sundered Doctrine dungeon, players receive critical damage feedback, but damage is actually regular base damage.
- When tracking Ikora's Drowning Labyrinth quest, completion of certain steps may stop progress on the next steps.
- Sometimes the Tome of Want: A Primer quest does not progress after meeting Step 3 and Step 4 requirements.
- Memento shaders can be previewed on armor in the Armor Management screen. This is not intended, and Mementos aren't being considered for use on armor.
- Secant Filaments and Spirit of the Filaments can’t grant Devour while Facet of Protection is equipped.