---
title: "This Week In Destiny - 06/26/2025"
description: "The Recap of Recaps and Armor 3.0"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2025-06-26
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/7/en/News/Article/twid_06_26_2025"
---

TL;DR:

## Save the Date, Again!

There will be ANOTHER developer stream on July 1st at 10am Pacific. Topics will include:
- The Edge of Fate Campaign
- World Tiers
- Other sandbox changes
- Power and progression
- The Portal
- Guardian Ranks
- Quality of life changes
- and more!

## Aionians and Exiles and The Nine, Oh My!

In case you missed last weeks's stream, here's the videos you missed!

First, a Developer Insights on the mysteries of Kepler:

{% include youtube.html id="5-BfoOVzFaY" %}

Then here is the full Developer Livestream:

{% include youtube.html id="hROi2U8cGrs" %}

## New Armor for a New Beginning

With the release of The Edge of Fate, any new armor released will use the Armor 3.0 system. Any armor you currently have will have their stats move over 1:1, as described in a [previous TWID]({% post_url 2025-6-5-twid %}#existing-armor-stats).

### Set Bonuses

| Set Name | 2-Piece Perk | 4-Piece Perk |
|----------|--------------|--------------|
| Aion Renewal | Force Converter: After a final blow with missiles, Rocket Launchers, and Grenade Launchers, sprint for a short time to gain Speed Booster. | Reactive Booster: Once per activation of “Anomalous Servos,” sprinting while at critical health, being suspended, or being slowed by a Stasis effect will immediately grant Speed Booster for a short duration. |
| Tecsec | Wrecker: You deal significantly increased Kinetic damage to overshields, combatant shields, and constructs. | Concussive Rounds: Defeating powerful combatants or breaking a combatant shield with Kinetic damage releases a disorienting Kinetic shockwave. |

### Armor Archetypes

Each Armor 3.0 drop will have a randomly selected archetype, which will determine the two highlighted stats of the armor.

| Archetype | Primary Stat | Secondary Stat |
|-----------|--------------|----------------|
| Paragon | Super | Melee |
| Grenadier | Grenade | Super |
| Specialist | Class | Weapons |
| Brawler | Melee | Health |
| Bulwark | Health | Class |
| Gunner | Weapons | Grenade |

### Masterworking

- All Armor 3.0 drops will have their maximum energy available, no Masterwork required.
- Masterworking armor no longer increases all stats - the amount granted by the primary, secondary, and tertiary stats rolled will not change (with the exception of armor mods).
- Masterworking now increases your lowest three stats on that piece of armor by +1 with each level.
    - This has a maximum of +5 in each, or +15 stats total.

### Gear Tiers

| Tier | Total Stats (Masterworked) | Bonuses |
|------|----------------------------|---------|
| Tier 1 | 52-57 (67-72) |  |
| Tier 2 | 58-63 (73-78) |  |
| Tier 3 | 64-69 (79-84) |  |
| Tier 4 | 70-75 (85-90) | Extra Mod Energy |
| Tier 5 | 75 (90) | Extra Mod Energy, Random Tuned Stat |

Armor with a "tuned" stat has access to a "Tuning" mod slot, allowing you to choose between moving 5 stats from any other stat to the tuned stat, or "Balanced Tuning", which increases the armor's three lowest stats by one.

Legacy gear will still be useful, and a great onramp into the new system. More details on how to earn higher tier armor in an upcoming article.

### New Gear

Items tagged with "New Gear" can offer more lethality in PvE content, drop with Seasonal Bonus Power, and receive bonuses from the Seasonal Artifact. They can identified by the unique colored-border and icon background. In addition to new Seasonal gear, some specific weapons will also be considered New Gear.

There will also be a new PvP playlist with a loadout restriction of New Gear only.

New Gear will include a 10% bonus for weapon damage and a 15% bonus damage resistance. These will not apply in PvP or Contest Mode of the upcoming raid. More details on what weapons will be considered New Gear in an upcoming article.

### Exotic Armor

Long-term goal: Eventually add support for Exotics to access the benefits of higher tiers. Will not be ready for The Year of Prophecy.

Exotic armor does not have a tier, but will drop around the Tier 2 range (58-63 stats).

To make the transition easier, Ada-1 will be offering 20 free focused Exotic armors per account to anyone who has reached the Tower before The Edge of Fate launches. The special focusing will be available throughout the Year of Prophecy, and will allow you to focus any Exotic in your Collections (other than class items)

Speaking of Exotic Class Items, they will be fully converted into the new system. Each one will have the maximum stats available for an Exotic (30 in the primary stat, 20 in the secondary stat, and 13 in the tertiary stat). To prevent this from dramatically increasing the number of possible rolls, the stats will be assigned based on the rolled perks: The archetype being determined by the left column perk, and the tertiary stat being determined by the right column perk. However this does mean they can no longer be upgraded to Artifice armor, and will lose any existing Artifice mod slot.

### Let's Talk About Gear Swapping

You can read more in the [Original TWID]({{ page.bungie_url }}) but long story short: It's cool, but is presenting balancing issues where it feels mandatory to swap gear mid-fight, and don't want to feel the main draw of an Exotic is its ability to be swapped in and out mid-fight. So here's the change:

- Sanguine Alchemy
    - Swapping to this Exotic in combat will now apply a 10-second cooldown before its perk can be activated.

There will be another pass later this year.

### Featured Exotics

Starting with The Edge of Fate, certain Exotic armor (and weapons) will be featured. They will gain the same benefits as New Gear, and will change with each Expansion and Major Update.

For The Edge of Fate launch, the following Exotics will be featured: (including all new The Edge of Fate Exotics)

| Warlock | Hunter | Titan | Weapon |
|---------|--------|-------|--------|
| Felwinter’s Helm | The Dragon’s Shadow | Precious Scars | Dead Man’s Tale
| Fallen Sunstar | Mask of Bakris | Wormgod Caress | Wicked Implement
| Nothing Manacles | Blight Ranger | Ursa Furiosa | Outbreak Perfected
| Ballidorse Wrathweavers | Cyrtarachne’s Facade | Icefall Mantle | Barrow-Dyad
| Starfire Protocol | Mask of Fealty | Point-Contact Cannon Brace | Lumina
| Wings of Sacred Dawn | Khepri’s Sting | Pyrogale Gauntlets | Wish-Keeper
| Mantle of Battle Harmony | Oathkeeper | Wishful Ignorance | New Land Beyond
| Mataiodoxia | Athrys’s Embrace | Crest of Alpha Lupi | Ager’s Scepter
| Rime-coat Raiment | Renewal Grasps | Actium War Rig | The Navigator
| Geomag Stabilizers | Caliban’s Hand | Mk. 44 Stand Asides | Arbalest
| Promethium Spur | Gifted Conviction | Peregrine Greaves | Centrifuse
| Boots of the Assembler | Lucky Pants | Phoenix Cradle | Tommy’s Matchbook
| Secant Filaments | Star-Eater Scales | The Path of Burnings Steps | Choir of One
| Swarmers | Speedloader Slacks | Abeyant Leap | Polaris Lance
| Eunoia | Moirai | Melas Panoplia | Graviton Lance
| | | | Eriana’s Vow |
| | | | Devil’s Ruin |
| | | | Hierarchy of Needs |
| | | | Slayer’s Fang |
| | | | Lodestar |
| | | | Legend of Acrius |
| | | | Microcosm |
| | | | Winterbite |
| | | | Worldline Zero |
| | | | Finality’s Auger |
| | | | Third Iteration |
| | | | Graviton Spike |
| | | | {% include spoiler.html text="REDACTED" %} |

## Balancing the Scale of Abilities

As a reminder, melee changes were talked about in [last week's TWID]({% post_url 2025-6-19-twid %}#melee-damage-is-changing-in-the-edge-of-fate), and Prismatic changes were explained [a few weeks ago]({% post_url 2025-6-5-twid %}#prismatic-in-the-edge-of-fate).

Developer notes can be found in the [Original TWID]({{ page.bungie_url }}).

### Warlock

- Prismatic
    - Reduced the number of fragment slots provided by the following Aspects:
        - Hellion (from 3 to 2)
        - Bleak Watcher (from 3 to 2)
- Prismatic/Strand
    - Weaver’s Call (Aspect)
        - Can now generate Threadlings on any final blow instead of just Strand final blows
- Void
    - Pocket Singularity (melee)
        - Increased Pocket Singularity damage vs. non-boss combatants by 20%
        - Increased Pocket Singularity damage vs. boss combatants by 56%

### Titan

- Prismatic
    - Reduced the number of fragment slots provided by the following Aspects:
        - Consecration (from 3 to 2)
- Solar
    - Consecration (Aspect)
        - Increased Fragment slots provided from 2 to 3
- Prismatic/Strand
    - Drengr’s Lash (Aspect)
        - Increased tracking strength of base Suspend wave and Abeyant Leap Exotic-armor Suspend wave.
        - Increased base Suspend wave travel distance from 20m to 30m.
        - Increased Abeyant Leap Suspend wave travel distance from 30m to 35m.
- Prismatic/Solar
    - Consecration (Aspect)
        - Ignition no longer has +20% bonus damage.
- Void
    - Shield Throw (melee)
        - Increased projectile tracking strength by 77%
- Arc
    - Storm's Keep (Aspect)
        - Benefits no longer stack when standing behind multiple Barricades.

### Hunter

- General
    - Gambler's Dodge
        - Melee energy return no longer requires dodging near enemies.
- Prismatic
    - Reduced the number of fragment slots provided by the following Aspects:
        - Ascension (from 3 to 2)
        - Winter's Shroud (from 3 to 2)
- Prismatic/Solar
    - Gunpowder Gamble (Aspect)
        - Reduced self-damage from Gunpowder Gamble detonation by 60%
        - Final blows of all kinds now grant Gunpowder Gamble progress instead of just Solar kills.
- Solar
    - On Your Mark (Aspect)
        - Final Blows while at three stacks of On Your Mark now make you Radiant for a short time.
        - Activating your class ability now gives one stack of On Your Mark instead of three stacks.
- Arc
    - Ascension (Aspect)
        - Ascension can now activate the following perks:
            - Armor mods
                - Reaper
                - Powerful Attraction
                - Outreach
                - Distribution
                - Bomber
                - Dynamo
            - Exotics
                - HOIL (class item)
                - Gryfalcon's Reserve overshield

### All Classes

- General
    - Increased damage vs. bosses, minibosses, and Champions by 15% for these grenades:
        - Arc
            - Flux Grenade
            - Arcbolt Grenade
            - Flashbang Grenade
            - Storm Grenade
        - Void
            - Axion Bolt Grenade
            - Suppressor Grenade
        - Solar
            - Firebolt Grenade
            - Tripmine Grenade
        - Kinetic
            - The Rock Grenade (Forerunner)
    - Ability energy returns from perks and passive regen now scales based on the requisite stat.
- Void
    - Devour
        - Reduced Devour heal amount from 200hp to 140hp
- Strand
    - Suspend
        - Increased base duration from 5s to 6s
- Stasis
    - Stasis Shatter
        - Stasis Shatter damage now stuns Overload Champions instead of Unstoppable Champions.
- Arc
    - Flux Grenade
        - Significantly reduced base cooldown time
        - Increased projectile size to make it easier to stick targets

## New Rewards Pass Incoming

Like before, there will be four Reward Passes available during The Year of Prophecy. Each one will have a free track and a paid track, with the paid track costing 1000 Silver. All ranks will be available to earn Day 1.

There have also been some tweaks to the boosts available, removing some less desired boosts and adding some new ones.

The new boosts are:

- Activity Score Boost: Up to 15% score bonus on all Portal activities when fully unlocked.
- Prime Engram Boost: Increases the possibility of desirable armor and weapon drops from Portal activities.
- Weekly Challenge Boost: Boosts progress on weekly challenge progress in the Seasonal Hub.
- XP Boost: Updated to 40% XP bonus when fully unlocked. (20% Bonus for Fireteam XP) In addition, there are less XP boost items on the pass, to make room for additional rewards.

In the Premium Track, players can earn a full set of both PvE and PvP armor. The Free Track will have 5 pieces split between the two, allowing players to unlock a partial set bonus for each.

Total ranks have been reduced to 110, with the last 10 requiring 500,000XP for each rank, and can only be earned through gameplay.

## Bungie Day is Almost Here!

Bungie Day kicks off on July 7th, and will run through July 29th! More details in a future TWID!

## Steam Summer Sale

Some content is up to 92% off from June 26th to July 14th. This includes:

- [Destiny 2: The Light & Darkness Collection](https://store.steampowered.com/sub/1130342/) at 85% off (also this is being delisted on July 14th)
- [Destiny 2: Legacy Collection 2024](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2648100/Destiny_2_Legacy_Collection_2024/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1) at 90% off
- [Destiny 2: The Final Shape + Annual Pass](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2336881/Destiny_2_The_Final_Shape__Annual_Pass/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1) at 80% off
- [Destiny 2: The Final Shape + Annual Pass Upgrade](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2336885/Destiny_2_The_Final_Shape_Annual_Pass_Upgrade/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1) (does not include campaign) at 80% off
- [Destiny 2: The Final Shape](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2336880/Destiny_2_The_Final_Shape/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1) at 75% off
- 92% off: [Lightfall](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1945340/Destiny_2_Lightfall/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1), [The Witch Queen](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1656330/Destiny_2_The_Witch_Queen/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1), [Beyond Light Pack](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1314563/Destiny_2_Beyond_Light_Pack/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1), [Shadowkeep Pack](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1090200/Destiny_2_Shadowkeep_Pack/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1), [Forsaken Pack](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1090150/Destiny_2_Forsaken_Pack/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1)

## Player Support Report

### Known Issues

- The MMXXIV title is no longer available.
- The Ascension Aspect isn't working with certain armor mods and Exotic armors.
- The Champ Title has lost its gilded status.
- Steps 6 and 9 of the Drowning Labyrinth quest aren't able to be completed by some players.
    - Due to this quest being a fix between character-scoped and account-scoped, if you have an alternate character and make progress on the quest, you need to play on that character to get back into the correct research paper level for your main character.
- Sometimes in the Derealize Exotic mission, the Taken relic can drop below the surface during the Vhriisk encounter.
- When tracking Ikora's Drowning Labyrinth quest, completion of certain steps may stop progress on the next steps.
- Memento shaders can be previewed on armor in the Armor Management screen. This is not intended, and Mementos aren't being considered for use on armor.
- Secant Filaments and Spirit of the Filaments can’t grant Devour while Facet of Protection is equipped.

Happy Birthday Kai!