---
title: "This Week In Destiny - 04/24/2025"
description: "Check"
category: "tldr"
tags: ["twab"]
date: 2025-04-24
layout: post
bungie_url: "https://www.bungie.net/7/en/News/Article/twid_04_24_2025"
---

TL;DR:

## Edge of Fate Reveal Stream

Save the date! May 6th at 9am Pacific. (That is one hour before the weekly reset.)

They will reveal The Edge of Fate (formerly Codename: Apollo) and the upcoming year of Destiny 2.
Be ready.

## Guardian's Gambit

There's Chess Pieces, find them! A community puzzle has begun.

## Heavy Metal and The Event Home

May 6th: Rite of the Nine starts
May 9th: Heavy Metal starts (with new Event Home)

Event Home is a new page for _everything_ event related (including activity launch, triumphs, rewards, etc.) AND IT IS FREE.

Event Home has _daily_ and _weekly_ challenges, and a new currency called "Event Tokens" which can be used to purchase rewards.

There is also a new "Event Rank" track with 15 levels available for Heavy Metal. Rewards include weapons, emblems, enhancement materials. Bungie says even better then premium Event Card rewards.

Also new currency called "Event Tokens" which can be used to purchase rewards. (It's an arcade!) New item available: "Reroll Chip" which can reroll a daily challenge (even if it was completed).

Event Homes will replace the current Event Card system for all seasonal events.

**NO SILVER REQUIRED. ALL REWARDS ARE EARNABLE**

## Trials Of Osiris

Weapon: Tomorrow's Answer Rocket Launcher
Map: Midtown

## Iron Banner

Returns next week. Next edition of loot arrives May 24th, so save some engrams for then.

## Current (relevant) Known Issues

- Some bosses don't spawn in Court of Blades, leading to a soft-lock.
- While speaking to a vendor you can hear their ambient dialog.
- Ionic Sentry sometimes doesn't Chain Lightning enemies.
- Steps 6 and 9 of the Drowning Labyrinth quest aren't able to be completed by some players. (Your research tier is last earned across your account, so if your main is Tier 2 and your alt char unlocks Tier 1, you're back to Tier 1 on all characters until the next Tier unlock)
- Sometimes in the Derealize Exotic mission, the Taken relic can drop below the surface during the Vhriisk encounter.
- When damaging Shrieker bosses in the Sundered Doctrine dungeon, players receive critical damage feedback, but damage is actually regular base damage.
- When tracking Ikora's Drowning Labyrinth quest, completion of certain steps may stop progress on the next steps.
- Sometimes the Tome of Want: A Primer quest does not progress after meeting Step 3 and Step 4 requirements.
- Secant Filaments and Spirit of the Filaments can’t grant Devour while Facet of Protection is equipped.